Sir,-In his recent article B.C. Brookes propounds an ingenious mathematicalframework to determine which periodical volumes a library should hold.  He iscareful to point out that the selection will need regular review and revision, in case the value of the aging factor a or thecontents of the Bradford set change from year to year.  There is as yet very little experimental evidence on the consistencyof either.  Such limited evidence as there is suggests that the aging factor is reasonably constant.  But the position ofthe Bradfod set is less satisfactory.  The Nature Conservancy librarians (J. M.Weingott and S. M. Penny, unpublished) have lent me a list of titles cited in the Journal of Ecology three or more times in1955-56, and a similar list for 1965-66. There are 150 periodical titles in the two lists, but only forty-two (28%) appear inboth.  Of the thirty-three titles cited nine or more times in either year, only eight (25%) attained that level in both, andtwelve were cited less than three times in the other year.  The Kendall rank correlation coefficient between the two years is 0.18 and not significant.  There is another major practical problem. The article assumes that the dataanalyzed to obtain aging or utility factors and Bradford sets are validparameters of the relative value of the literature to the readers.  There is nomention of the type of data to use.  The reader who sought guidance from the earlier literature cited would find practical techniques described in which analyses of citation frequencies are used to calculate utilities discussed in terms of library use.  Krauze and Hillinger havediscussed the difference between citations in one article and future citations to that article.  Their work implies a more complexrelation between a and u than Brookes suggests.  In any case, the validity ofcitations for forecasting library consultationsremains unproven, and there are prima facie reasons why the relationship is notnecessarily close.  For example, one item in a list of references is often intended to lead to a chain of earlier papers.  Again,each citation represents an author's selection from a wider group most of which he has consulted in a library.  In neither case is there anyinherent reason for similarity of age distribution or of pool of titles between the list of citations and the items read by the author or his readers.