  The selections are intended mainly for students in library schools, and for librarians in the field who have not yet made themselves conversant with theliterature of computer-based operations.  This is not a book, to state the proposition in the negative, for those who wish to read on the theoreticalaspects of computers.  The selections are brought together in seven sections.  The first, theChallenge, includes material on what is expected of librarians in the ageof the computer.  The second section, Varieties of Response, does not by any means exhaustdevelopments in American libraries.  It does, I believe, contain representativedescriptions of some of the best work being accomplished.  The third section, Theory of Management, contains an outstanding article byRichard DeGennaro of Harvard.  The particular contributions made in this article are described in the editorial comment immediately preceding thisthird section.  News Services, the fourth section, required a considerable degree ofselection among a wealth of material, and is indicative of the wide varietyof services which libraries are beginning to offer in the age of the computer.The considerable range of such services is exhaustively indicated in thefirst selection of this section, while those that follow describe specificservices now being offered, or services in the planning stage.  The material in the fifth section, Catalogs and the Computer, is on asubject that has elicited considerable discussion.  The two articles selectedare on two aspects of the subject, namely, filing problems, and comparativecosts.  The sixth section, Copyright, contains an article from the legal point ofview.  The more traditional library view of copyright has been ably represented by Verner Clapp in an article cited in the section on additionalreadings.  The seventh section, Information Retrieval Testing, is a subject which hasexcited the attention of but few librarians, yet its influence on subjectindexing could in time prove considerable.