  The major trends of the 1970's in information system planning andservices are becoming clear, as indicated in this year's Annual Reviewchapters.  The movement toward inter-institutional operations, or networking,began gaining force in the 1965-1970 period, through the establishmentof many new library consortia, and there were some tentative effortsto use computers for nationwide bibliographic information "utilities."These movements are now more vigorous and are showing signs of beingcost-effective, productive ventures.  Inter-institutional cooperation not onlypromises service improvements and cost reductions, but also poses newproblems and demands.  Formalized cooperation among different institutionsrequires agreement about needs and priorities and gives special importanceto a clear understanding of the information needs of specific usersubgroups.  It also requires more careful and productive system planningand design, including intelligent consideration of the "make versus buy"issue.  Several chapters in this volume touch on these problems andconsiderations.  One of the most significant developments in 1973 was the rapid growthin the use of on-line information retrieval services - both those operatedby the federal government and those operated by the private sector.  Theapparent cost-effectiveness of these services is raising some of the sameproblems for data base producers that inter-institutional cooperation amonglibrary and information facilities is raising for the publishers of printedmaterials: namely, how to cover rising costs in the face of declining (or lessrapidly growing) sales of individual units of the product - monographs,serials, secondary information publications, or magnetic tapes.  Theinclusion of a chapter on copyright - the first in the Annual Review series -reflects the importance of this topic in the growing controversy over theownership and distribution of information.  Another aspect of thatcontroversy - the role of government and non-profit information servicesin relation to those of private industry - is explored in this year'schapter on document retrieval systems and techniques.