   This is an empirical study of information transfer in the R&D operations oflarge industrial corporations.. Its basis is a body of survey data collected from 2000 engineers and scientists in 13 establishments of four corporationsand from 1200 members of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.. The data describe instances in which respondents acquired usefultechnical information from sources outside their immediate circle of colleagues.. The analysis is descriptive in character, following a functionalapproach in which the use of various means of information transfer is considered in relation to the purposes of technical work..   While the data, in general, confirm the results of other studies of thissort, they demonstrate also that the relative use of alternative means willvary significantly with the circumstances of their use.. The report exploresthe association of variations in a number of specific personal, organizational,and technological factors with variations in the use of sources of information.. In a more general interpretation of these findings, thosevariations are related to aspects of the goals of the work to which theinformation was applied..   The purposes of technical work are considered along two basic dimensions,one relating to the potential for contribution to the development of some bodyof systematic knowledge, the other to the support of particular operationalobjectives.. When the focus of work is on operational goals, local and informalsources account for most instances of information transfer.. Formal and moredistant sources are the most common means used when the focus is on "professional" goals, i.e., those concerned with contributions to knowledge..   In conclusion, the report discusses the effects which management may have,within an organization, on the process of information transfer, and the need for managers and students of the process to take into account the interplay inthis process of personal values, task requisites, and the structure of formal and social groups.. Firms need to establish two-way communication about needs and  possibilities; by so doing they may enhance the effectiveness with whichadvances in knowledge are translated into innovations in technology meeting theneeds of society..