   From November 1966 through June 1968 the Library of Congress conducted apilot project involving the weekly distribution of its traditional 3x5 catalogcards in machine-readable form.. The MARC records provided a search data base for an experiment in current awareness service designed to furnish faculty withbiweekly lists of bibliographic notices of new monographs in their specifiedfields of interest..   Of the 298 social sciences faculty members queried about their interest inparticipating, 209 (70 percent) responded affirmatively.. Only 40 participantscould be accommodated, so they were chosen in proportion to the number of faculty members in each department or school:  anthropology-l, business-10, economics-3, education-15, government-4, history-4, and sociology-3..   An "interest" statement from each faculty member was translated into bothLibrary of Congress classification numbers (e.g., E6ll) and subject heading terms, i.e., elements of discrete heading separated by a comma, dash, parenthesis, or period (e.g., U.S.--HIST.--CIVIL WAR--PRISONERS, EXCHANGE OFbecomes six terms:  U/S/HIST/CIVIL WAR/PRISONERS/EXCHANGE OF).. The resulting"interest profiles" were recorded on punched cards for computer matching withsubject headings and class numbers..   The weighted term search strategy was used in comparing profiles with MARCrecords.. Each profile was assigned a "cutoff weight" or "hit level" of 6.. Subject heading terms were assigned positive or negative weights so that thesum of weights on matching terms would be equal to, exceed, or be less than the hit level, thereby appropriately causing or preventing the selection of aparticular record.. All class numbers were assigned a weight of 6 so that a hit would occur on any matching number..   Three computer programs were employed in producing the SDI lists.. ProgramExtract used MARC Master Tapes as input and extracted the card number (accession number), subject heading terms, and class number for currentrecords; Program Retrieve compared these terms and class numbers with those inthe profiles and recorded the card numbers for "hits"; Program Print comparedthese card numbers with those on complete MARC records and printed three copies of each record to be sent to the faculty.. One copy was for the faculty member's own use; one was to be evaluated and returned; and one was to be usedfor making recommendations to the library..   Subject headings proved to be more effective in searching the MARC filemainly because multiple subject headings may be assigned to each record, whereas there is only one class number; and a hit often occurred on a record'ssecond or third heading..   The SDI system performed well in selecting performed well in selectingrelevant records, and overall evaluations were highly favorable.. Some 73percent of notices received by faculty members were for works judged new to thefaculty.  The majority felt that the SDI service provided an automatic, regular  notification of new works.. They felt that it usually brought works totheir attention quicker than other sources; it informed them of items theyotherwise would have missed; it furnished a compact source listing books in allbut only their fields; it required very little time; and it provided a convenient means for making library recommendations and therefore increased theamount of recommending done.. All faculty expressed a desire to have SDI service continued..