   For the last several decades library collections have been growing atexponential rates with no relief evident in the future..   To help ease the growing financial burden of housing their collections,many librarians have suggested employment compact storage depositories forlittle-used materials.. Two aspects to be considered in designing a storagesystem are: the fraction of the collection which is to be stored; and the criteria to be used for selecting materials for storage.. This studydemonstrates that for a given selection criterion least-cost storage quantities can be assessed by balancing the large circulation costs and thesmall shelving costs associated with stored materials..   Two storage criteria, one based upon the age of the materials and theother utilizing the individual book usage rates, are discussed and compared..For the age policy the objective is the determination of a least-cost criticalage at which materials are transferred to storage and which defines the fraction of the collection that should be stored.. The model assumes that thecirculation rate of the books decline with age according to an average geometric pattern of obsolescence..   The average time gap between the most recent circulations of books isutilized as the measure for rate of usage of a book.. The storage decisionvariable resulting from the minimization of the total cost function of the usage rate policy is a critical intercirculation gap, the maximum amount of time thata book should be permitted to remain in a working collection without being used.. Those books which are stored by the above rule might be those for which the time since last use exceeds the critical intercirculation gap.. Hence, although the least-cost selection rule is independent of the composite distribution of usage rates, the fraction of the collection stored depends upon the circulation activities of the individual libraries..   An empirical evaluation of the storage models was made using data collectedfrom three libraries at Purdue University and estimates of cost parametersextracted from the literature.. Calculations for the least-cost decision rulesand the related costs demonstrate that significant savings can be realized fromstorage of materials, but the calculations indicate that a large portion of thecollection must be stored..   Comparisons of the age policy and the usage rate policy indicate that thelatter criterion is preferred for all cases examined, including a situation where the usage rate policy is handicapped with a relatively high unit relocation cost..   Sensitivity analyses of the cost parameters for practical ranges of valuesshow that the choice for the length of the planning horizon has a relatively insignificant effect on the decision rules; that changes in the capacity-related cost parameters will cause significant changes in the results; and that the rules are extremely sensitive to changes in the circulation costdifferential.. An important component of the latter consideration is a rathersubjective estimate for the cost of a service delay, which appears to have apotentially large influence on the decision rules..