   Access to the literature is an essential requirement for advanced research..Libraries, particularly academic libraries, have traditionally borne the majorresponsibility for providing public access to the world's literature.. Mostuniversities have developed rather complex multilibrary systems of specializedlibraries in order to meet the needs of various groups which they serve.. Thisuse of special libraries to meet the needs of particular groups has, generally,resulted in a somewhat arbitrary division of the literature by disciplines.. The purpose of this study is to investigate some of the effects that this division of the literature has on its accessibility and in particular to examine the disciplines, the interdisciplinary relationships, and the scattering characteristics as they are revealed by journal usage patterns.. These results are applied to the problem of planning and design of library systems..   Measures of journal productivity are proposed and means of actuallyestimating these measures, based on citations, usage, and abstract data aredeveloped.. Each of these means of estimating journal productivity has itsadvantages and limitations.. Since these value measures are usually maderelative to a particular discipline, many problems arise unless disciplines canbe defined in comparable terms.. A "discipline wheel" is proposed which canserve as a conceptual framework in which to view the different disciplines..This framework provides a basis for measuring the breadth of a discipline andalso for measuring the similarity between two disciplines..   One of the more important characteristics which has emerged from the studyof journal productivity is the concept of "scattering" of articles or "titledispersion".. A powerful tool for describing this phenomenon which has resulted from earlier studies is the Bradford distribution.. The Bradforddistribution is fitted to over fifty groups of productivity data from varioussources with mixed results.. Other possible distributions, particularly theYule, Borel, and the Fisher distributions, are also considered..   The applications of productivity functions in the operation, design, and evaluation of library systems are virtually unlimited.. Their use in determining the size of a collection, finding the marginal value of addingadditional journals to a collection, determining user convenience, andbuilding mathematical models of library systems are among some of theapplications which are considered.. It is also possible, based on productivityfunctions, to predict the comprehensiveness of a particular library system asa function of the number of subscriptions it receives..   The Purdue University Libraries provided an actual library system to whichthe above concepts could be applied.. A large set of citation data was collected.. This data consisted of 24,953 citations from 752 Ph.D. dissertations written in technical fields at Purdue University.. Completerecords of the university's scientific journal holdings were also obtained..The Bradford distribution is fitted to the citation data with generallysatisfactory results.. The similarity between the different scientificdisciplines is measured as is the similaritybetween the different libraries.. The breadth of the disciplines is alsomeasured.. Differences between the journal usage patterns and the system'sholdings are examined.. Alternate library system configurations are proposed and evaluated through the use of comprehensiveness functions..   This study shows that it is possible to quantitatively measure such conceptsas title dispersion, breadth of a discipline, the similarity between disciplines, and others.. The quantification of these concepts leads to a basisfor the design and evaluation of complete library systems..