  Communication technology has entered a period of revolutionary change.  The last decade has brought new inventions of enormous potential.It will probably be two decades before we fully grasp the shattering effectthey will have on society.  These inventions include:  The communication satellite.  Suddenly this has provided telephoneand television links to the underdeveloped world.  Much larger satelliteswill be built and will have an enormous impact on education andcommunications both in the United States and throughout the world.  Thesatellite antennae in some underdeveloped countries stand next to fieldsploughed by oxen.  The helical waveguide.  A pipe, now operating, that can carry 250,000simultaneous telephone calls or equivalent information over long distances.  The laser.  This means of transmission, still in the research laboratory,has the potential of carrying many millions of simultaneous telephone callsor their equivalent.  Large-scale integration (LSI).  A form of ultraminiaturized computercircuitry that probably marks the beginning of mass production ofcomputers and computerlike logic circuitry.  It offers the potential ofextremely reliable, extremely small, and, in some of its forms, extremelyfast computers.  If large-enough quantities can be built, this circuitry canbecome very low in cost.  On-line real-time computers.  Computers capable of responding to manydistant terminals on telecommunication lines at a speed geared to humanthinking.  They have the potential of bringing the power and informationof innumerable computers into every office and eventually every home.  Picturephone.  A public dial-up telephone system in which subscriberssee as well as hear each other.  Large TV screens.  TV screens that can occupy a whole wall if necessary.  Cable TV.  Provides a cable into homes with a potential signal-carryingcapacity more than one thousand times that of the telephone cable.  Itcould be used for signals other than television.  Voice answerback.  Computers can now assembly human-voice words andspeak them over the telephone.  This fact, coupled with the Touchtonetelephone set, makes every such telephone a potential computer terminal.  Millimeter-wave radio.  Radio at frequencies in the band above themicrowave band can relay a quantity of information greater than all theother radio bands combined.  Chains of closely spaced antennas will distributethese millimeter-wave signals.  Pulse code modulation.  All signals, including telephone, Picturephone,music, facsimile, and television can be converted into digital bit streamand transmitted, along with computer data, over the same digital links.Major advantages accrue from this.  Computerized switching.  Computerized telephone exchanges are coming intooperation, and computer-like logic can be employed for switching and"concentrating" all types of signals.  Data banks.  Electronic storage for huge quantities of information thatcan be manipulated and indexed by computers and that can be accessed in afraction of a second.