   Some new text searching retrieval techniques are described which retrievenot documents but sentences from documents and sometimes (on occasionsdetermined by the computer) multi-sentence sequences.. Since the goal of thetechniques is retrieval of answer-providing documents, "answer-passages" areretrieved.. An "answer-passage" is a passage which is either answer-providingor "answer-indicative," i.e., it permits inferring that the document containing it is answer-providing.. In most cases answer-sentences, i.e., single-sentence answer-passages, are retrieved.. This has great advantagesfor screening retrieval output..   Two new automatic procedures for measuring closeness of relationbetween clue words in a sentence are described.. One approximatessyntactic closeness by counting the number of intervening "syntacticjoints" (roughly speaking, prepositions, conjunctions and punctuationmarks) between successive clue words.. The other measure uses wordproximity in a new way.. The two measures perform about equally well..   The computer uses "enclosure" and "connector words" for determiningwhen a multi-sentence passage should be retrieved.. However, no procedurewas found in this study for retrieving multi-paragraph answer-passages, which were the only answer-passages occurring in 6% of the papers..   In a test of the techniques they failed to retrieve two answer-providing documents (7% of those to be retrieved) because ofone multi-paragraph answer-passage and one complete failureof clue word selection.. For the other answer-providing documents theyretrieved at all recall levels with greater precision than SMART, which has produced the best previously reported recall-precision results..   The retrieval questions (mostly from real users) and documents used inthis study were from the field of information science.. The results of thestudy are surprisingly good for retrieval in such a "soft science," andit is reasonable to hope that in less "soft" sciences and technologiesthe techniques described will work even better.. On this basis a dissemination and retrieval system of the near future is predicted..