  The Matthew Effect occurs when scientists receive differential recognitionfor a particular scientific contribution depending on theirlocation in the stratification system.  Merton originally introducedthe concept to explain the allocation of credit among authors ofmultiple discoveries or collaborators.  In this paper the concept isgeneralized to apply to all scientific work.  If the Matthew Effectwere to operate, the reception of papers of equal quality should beinfluenced by the location of their authors in the stratification system.To test this hypothesis, data are drawn from several studies ofsimilar design.  In each study we control for the number of citationspapers received at time 2.  This enables us to look at groups ofpapers that were judged to be roughly equal in quality at time 2.We then see whether there were any differences in the reception ofthese papers at time 1 depending upon various aspects of the author'slocation in the stratification system.  All the data indicatethat assessed quality of papers at time 2 is a more important determinant of a paper's initial reception than any of the stratificationvariables.  However, the speed of diffusion of papers of equal qualityis influenced by the reputation of the author based on past workthat is being heavily utilized at the time of a new discovery.  TheMatthew Effect also operates for those scientists located at prestigiouspoints of the social system of science.  All other stratificationvariables, including eminence as measured by receipt of awardsdid not influence the speed of diffusion.  Data are presented thatindicate that top papers written by high-ranking scientists are no more likely to be widely diffused early than are top papers by low-ranking scientists.  The Matthew Effect also serves to focusattention on the work of little-known men who collaborate withscientists of high repute and to increase retroactively the visibilityof the early work of scientists who go on to greater fame.  A discussionis included of the relevance of these data for the study ofresistance to scientific discoveries.