Newest 'flutter' Questions - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Questions tagged [flutter] Ask Question Use this tag for questions about the Flutter cross-platform UI toolkit. If your question is platform-specific, tag the platform as well (e.g., [android], [ios], etc.). You may also wish to include the [dart] tag for coding questions. Learn more… Top users Synonyms (8) 163,983 questions Newest Active Bountied 6 Unanswered More Bountied 6 Unanswered Frequent Score Unanswered (my tags) Filter Filter by No answers No accepted answer Has bounty Sorted by Newest Recent activity Highest score Most frequent Bounty ending soon Tagged with My watched tags The following tags: Apply filter Cancel 0 votes 0 answers 5 views How to animate the polyline on Google Map in flutter ` I need the exact animation _renderMap() { return AnimatedBuilder( animation: _animation!, builder: (BuildContext context, Widget? child) { return FutureBuilder<Set>( future: _getTowerMarkers(),... flutter dart Rajesh Byroju 11 asked 11 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 6 views Space item in column I want to space out the Column on the right side if the image to look the same as the example bur I have tried all 3 of the spaceBetween, spaceEvenly and spaceAround but none seem to work. This is the ... flutter Ken 57 asked 12 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 5 views Flutter Inspector does not showing in View>Tools Windows I newly start to learn Flutter. In some projects, Flutter Inspector and Flutter Outline do not show. It seems in this It does not seem in this why I searched on the Internet but can not find an ... flutter ifsygn 11 asked 13 mins ago -1 votes 0 answers 9 views Error detected in pubspec.yaml: Error on line 23, column 1: Expected ':'. ╷ 23 │ dependencies │ ^ pubspec.yaml file: Error like that how to fix dependencies: flutter: sdk: flutter dartx: any intl: ^0.17.0 fluttertoast: ^7.1.6 url_launcher: ^6.0.3 dart_ipify: ^1.0.2 firebase_core: ^1.1.0 firebase_auth: ^1.1.3 cloud_firestore: ^3.1.13 sqflite: ^... android flutter dart Aditya Nusantara 1 asked 24 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 6 views is it possible to navigate or change the body of current page with new page and i dont want to change the app bar in flutter I am Currently using the scaffold, and inside that, I have a tab bar, and in that tab bar, I have two tabs, product one and product two, and I have a button inside the page one page, and when I click ... flutter flutter-scaffold santosh patro 1 asked 27 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 11 views How to implement interactive design in flutter I want to implement the following design: enter image description here On the tap first the bulb should glow and go to the right and wire length extends. Then there will be some widgets should be ... flutter dart web animation dynamic Tayyab Ahmed 1 asked 32 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 9 views Can't test because of Error: Undefined name 'platformViewRegistry' I am rendering an iframe with flutter. But when trying to run tests I get the following error Error: Undefined name 'platformViewRegistry'. ui.platformViewRegistry.registerViewFactory(viewType, ... flutter dart anonymous-dev 2,877 asked 44 mins ago 0 votes 1 answer 12 views The following _TypeError was thrown building Builder: type 'int' is not a subtype of type 'List<int>' in type cast I upgraded a codebase to null safety and ever since, it's been throwing this error attempted some StackOverflow fixes but none worked[Error Image](https://i.stack.imgur.com/ogEfH.jpg) I also change ... flutter dart constructor typeerror Adeyeye Adedamola 1 asked 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 14 views Making GridView-like widget with fixed amount of children I am super confused. I need to make carousel where in each page there is a 3x2 grid (fixed) to show cards. However after a lot of searching, I cannot seem to find any flutter widget that can make a ... flutter Rhendy rivaldo 13 asked 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 6 views Can't launch flutter project with custom launch file in iOS I want to launch custom main_dev.dart file in flutter but it's not working. I cannot launch the Flutter project in ios with a custom launch file. It's working properly on Android Please help me to fix ... ios flutter flutter-dependencies thenish 33 asked 1 hour ago -8 votes 0 answers 20 views could somebody write a code for this design given below image below enter image description here flutter android-studio SHAMMAS MUHAMMED 1 asked 1 hour ago 1 vote 1 answer 16 views How to add space between editable text and prefix icon in textField in flutter? I'm new to flutter and am learning about textfields. I have a textfield that looks like this: I want to add some padding between the prefix icon and the editable text. Here's my code: TextField( ... flutter Twisha Solgama 116 asked 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 21 views how to draw upside down traingle with curvy point I tried this code Path getClip(Size size) { final path = Path(); path.lineTo(size.width, 0.0); path.lineTo(size.width / 2, size.height); path.close(); return path; } But I didn't got perfect output ... flutter flutter-dependencies flutter-animation flutter-clippath Jaini Shah 1 asked 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 11 views I want to access a camera stream from a local IP address. I can access that stream IP in chrome browser, but when I try in my flutter web it not works I've tried several packages to access videos such as videoplayer and chewie but still not able to. I'm using a web camera connected to a raspberry pi, and I want to access it from my laptop's flutter ... flutter web video camera ip Muhammad Faruq 41 asked 1 hour ago 0 votes 1 answer 13 views show all subtitles of the audio and highlight current subtitles according to audio with auto scroll in flutter In flutter, how to show all subtitles of the audio and highlight current subtitles according to audio with auto scroll in flutter Flutter has some plugins ( flutter_lyric , christian_lyrics etc....) ... flutter Jinto Joseph 854 asked 1 hour ago 15 30 50 per page 1 2 3 4 5 … 10933 Next The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Related Tags dart × 76145 android × 19765 firebase × 15089 flutter-layout × 13003 google-cloud-firestore × 9078 ios × 7865 flutter-dependencies × 6188 android-studio × 4171 flutter-web × 4001 json × 2964 firebase-authentication × 2805 flutter-animation × 2533 listview × 2077 api × 2059 bloc × 1952 flutter-test × 1913 widget × 1911 mobile × 1755 gradle × 1692 visual-studio-code × 1589 firebase-cloud-messaging × 1540 xcode × 1493 firebase-realtime-database × 1481 flutter-getx × 1440 list × 1439 more related tags Hot Network Questions Can a totally ordered set with a last element but no first element exist, or is this contradictory? Line of Best Fit with or Without Constant Term How to write time signatures in emails and texts Short story involving a future in which janitors run the world An interesting trigonometric integral Compare new txt file with old txt file and remove all data that matches Multiple alignments of different equation types in math mode What does it mean to have two colors in the fill section? Did Andrew Tate claim his job was to seduce women and get them on a webcam? SFDX: exports.getOrgApiVersion is not a function Does one need to buy tickets in advance for Deutsche Bahn train? To what extent (if any) does Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi answer reporters' questions, or at least appear to? Does the epsilon-delta definition of limits truly capture our intuitive understanding of limits? C23 Vector Macro Implementation How do you read "10/10"? Are the names of lightroots the names of shrines spelled backwards? Vertices of a regular dodecahedron Buffer accuracy in virtual layer differs from accuracy in PostGIS view Is it too much to create a book cover for a potential book for an interview? What are Astral Diamonds made of? If Boris Johnson returns as an MP, would he have to serve the 90-day suspension for lying to Parliament? Algebraically closed fields with only finite orbits Safe to remove plastic chainring cover? Is there a good reason for the IRS to seize ATF 4473 Forms? more hot questions Newest flutter questions feed Subscribe to RSS Newest flutter questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings