Twilio Collective - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up How are we doing? Please help us improve Twilio. Take our short survey Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Collectives™ on Stack Overflow – Centralized & trusted content around the technologies you use the most. Learn more about Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Would you recommend Twilio? Take our short survey Twilio Collective Twilio has democratized channels like voice, text, chat, video, and email by virtualizing the world’s communications infrastructure through APIs that are simple enough for any developer, yet robust enough to power the world’s most demanding applications. twilio-programmable-chat twilioflexwebchat sendgrid-ruby twilio-functions see all 29 associated tags 14k Questions +27 960 Answers recommended 1 Articles 8.6k Members +91 Join collective Overview Questions Articles Bulletins Members Navigate pages Overview Questions Articles Bulletins Members Website Contact Twitter Facebook Instagram GitHub Website Website Contact Contact Twitter Twitter Facebook Facebook Instagram Instagram GitHub GitHub Can you answer these questions? View all unanswered questions These questions still don't have an answer 0 votes 0 answers 7 views Customer send a voicemail if user doesn't answer, in an incoming phone call I am making an application where a user can buy a masked number and customer can contact that user via masked number. Now what I want to do is that when a customer calls a user's masked number, the ... javascript twilio voicemail Full Stack Dev 1 asked 13 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 16 views Title: CirrusWrapper ERROR: turn discovery peer configuration error - Error: read ECONNRESET I'm encountering an error while configuring TURN server discovery in my yaml file. The specific error message I'm receiving is "CirrusWrapper ERROR: turn discovery peer configuration error - ... javascript kubernetes twilio twilio-api turn Meghraj Pawar 1 modified 4 hours ago 1 vote 0 answers 7 views Convert aws polly synthesizeSpeech response to twilio mulaw format in NodeJs I have a Twilio bi-directional stream running, so when I get the Twilio payload I process them and respond back, while responding back I am using aws-sdk Polly service to get the text-to-speech data, ... node.js twilio twilio-api mu-law Naresh_Varma 59 asked yesterday 0 votes 0 answers 29 views Twilio webhook validation with query string I'm sending a Twilio SMS message using a status callback with an ID query string: const TwilioClient = Twilio(process.env.TWILIO_ACCOUNT_SID, process.env.TWILIO_AUTH_TOKEN); TwilioClient.messages.... express twilio webhooks twilio-node asportnoy 2,210 asked 2 days ago 0 votes 0 answers 8 views Toggle Speaker and ear-speaker for TwilioVideo SDK, long delay in switching devices I am trying to implement the ability for a user to toggle between speaker and earpiece speaker for a audio/video calling app using the TwilioVideo SDK. I have an instance of a DefaultAudioDevice that ... ios swift avaudiosession twilio-video user3072533 51 asked 2 days ago Looking for an extra challenge? View all bountied questions These questions have a bounty on them 0 votes 0 answers 9 views +50 Can I use Twilio video js sdk's rtc stream and convert it into an HLS or DASH? I've been looking for a while now and scanning the Twilio documentation, I haven't found any resource pointing to this, but I'm hoping someone has any ideas if this can be achieved. My end goal would ... twilio twilio-video shaka eme Jojo Narte 2,687 modified 20 hours ago 1 vote 1 answer 47 views +200 Supabase Update Mobile Phone of User Account I am using Supabase, and want my users to have a phone number tied to there user account. Using the Supabase API, it seems quite difficult to achieve this outcome. I'm currently getting an error that ... reactjs next.js twilio supabase astoiccoder 28 answered 13 hours ago Recommended answers View all recommended answers These answers have been recommended 0 votes 1 answer 12 views I created a REST Api flow to make outbound calls but I can't run it with python So i created a REST Api flow on stwilio studio the thing is that i dont know how to run it to start making calls. I have a python script to make calls and leave a message. Do I have to change this ... twilio twilio-api IObert 1,899 answered 3 hours ago Answer You code triggers a normal call with TwiML instructions. Are you planning to trigger a Studio flow execution from Python code? If so, this code will help you: # Download the helper library from https:/... View answer IObert 1,899 answered 3 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 27 views Error: Module not found: Can't resolve 'fs' and 'path' in '@sendgrid/helpers/classes' I'm trying to use the SendGrid module in my React application to send an email using a contact form. However, when I run npm start, I encounter the following error: Failed to compile. Module not found:... javascript reactjs typescript sendgrid node.js-fs IObert 1,899 answered 3 hours ago Answer You assumption is right, it is not possible to run nodejs modules on the client. And for security reasons this is also not recommended as it'll expose your API key to the world. Instead, you need to ... View answer IObert 1,899 answered 3 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 21 views making a direct phone call using Twilio on Node.js i am having an issue making a direct phone call using twilio on Node.js, bellow is what i have tried ... client.calls .create({ twiml: '<Response><Dial><+122*********&... node.js twilio twilio-api twilio-twiml IObert 1,899 answered yesterday Answer This happens because you create the call twice, the first time via the calls.create() and then via the TwiML node <Dial>. You can remove the Dial node entirely and start right away with the ... View answer IObert 1,899 answered yesterday 0 votes 1 answer 33 views How to use Whatsapp template call to actions with variables EDIT: According to this, what I want may not be possible. This looks like a promising solution, but as of June 2023, it seems to be in preview. I am implementing a simple notification service for my ... twilio whatsapp twilio-api twilio-click-to-call IObert 1,899 answered Jun 20 at 6:52 Answer Accepted You already answered your own question correctly. The Content API is the right service you want to focus on. Therefore, I would encourage you to request access by filling out this form or contact your ... View answer IObert 1,899 answered Jun 20 at 6:52 0 votes 1 answer 23 views How can I send whatsapp message to new whatsapp authentication template? I created and got approved the whatsapp authenthication template using the new format, ok, got approved. Sample template But how can I send/use as a message this template? Different from others ... twilio whatsapp IObert 1,899 answered Jun 20 at 6:46 Answer To send messages from templates created using the Content API or Content Editor, you will need two new fields in your API request. You will also need a Messaging Service. // Download the helper ... View answer IObert 1,899 answered Jun 20 at 6:46 See what's trending View all trending questions These are the most active questions in Twilio Collective 144 votes 10 answers 58k views How to handle both a single item and an array for the same property using JSON.net I'm trying to fix my SendGridPlus library to deal with SendGrid events, but I'm having some trouble with the inconsistent treatment of categories in the API. In the following example payload taken ... c# json json.net sendgrid Giovani Luigi 121 modified 2 days ago 137 votes 11 answers 625k views Data truncated for column? After changing the data type of a MySql column in order to store Twilio call ids (34 char strings), I try to manually change the data in that column with: update calls set incoming_Cid='... mysql warnings twilio user2812532 73 answered Dec 20, 2022 at 22:48 95 votes 5 answers 67k views Twilio permission to send sms has not been enabled for the region indicated I'm a new Twilio user and am trying to test sending an SMS using my Live credentials, purchased From number, and valid To number. I'm receiving this error: Unable to create record: Permission to send ... twilio Imran Khan 11 answered Sep 12, 2022 at 13:55 38 votes 6 answers 24k views Adding a name to the "from" field in SendGrid in Node.js I want to add a name to my "from" field using the SendGrid API, but I do not know how to do this. I tried setting the "from" parameter in sendgrid.send to Name <example@example.com> but that ... node.js sendgrid zacknight95 51 answered Aug 5, 2022 at 9:09 43 votes 11 answers 43k views SendGrid API Key is not working. "The provided authorization grant is invalid, expired or revoked" SendGrid seems to be preventing my node js server from sending emails. I get this error message in the response on sending off an email: The provided authorization grant is invalid, expired or ... node.js sendgrid freewill 1,091 answered Sep 4, 2022 at 18:10 Learn something new View all articles These are the most recent articles in Twilio Collective 1 vote 191 views 5 minute read How-to guide SendGrid integration in Laravel Why SendGrid ? SendGrid provides a cloud-based service that assists businesses with email delivery. The service manages various types of email including shipping notifications, friend requests, sign-... sendgrid Sujith Sandeep 1,191 created Sep 23, 2022 at 5:15 Collectives on Stack Overflow: a subcommunity defined by tags to help you find trusted answers faster and share knowledge with the community. Get started with collectives Join collective Explore collective features Read your first bulletin Check out the leaderboard Learn about the different roles Discover recommended answers See all collectives AVERAGE RESPONSE RATE (within 24 hours) 23% Help improve the percentage by Answering questions LEADERBOARD POSITION Join the collective and see where you rank to compete Recognized Members (29) Users who are recognized as subject matter experts within this collective. philnash scored +48 answering questions this week IObert +35 View all 29 Recognized Members Top tags twilio × 10086 questions sendgrid × 3325 questions twilio-api × 2335 questions twilio-php × 710 questions twilio-twiml × 686 questions View all 29 tags Members can contribute articles Simply submit a proposal, get it approved by a Recognized Member, and publish it. See how the process works Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings