windows - How to access docker inside wsl from another computer in local network - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams How to access docker inside wsl from another computer in local network Ask Question Asked today Modified today Viewed 3 times 0 Curruntly I am using WSL2 and I have installed docker inside it. I can expose my containers from my host machine using this: https://github.com/icflorescu/expose-wsl which is working great. Now, lets say the ipv4 for my host machine (windows) is: 10.66.15.15. And through my host machine, I can access my container that exist in WSL2 using: 10.66.15.15:7777. My problem is: How can I allow another computer in the same local network to access/see: 10.66.15.15:7777 windows docker networking dockerfile windows-subsystem-for-linux Share Follow asked 13 mins ago rook99rook99 1,02499 silver badges3434 bronze badges Add a comment | Related questions 2373 How to copy files from host to Docker container? 4379 How is Docker different from a virtual machine? 3104 From inside of a Docker container, how do I connect to the localhost of the machine? Related questions 2373 How to copy files from host to Docker container? 4379 How is Docker different from a virtual machine? 3104 From inside of a Docker container, how do I connect to the localhost of the machine? 2166 How to copy Docker images from one host to another without using a repository 2097 How to get a Docker container's IP address from the host 492 Exposing a port on a live Docker container 189 accessing a docker container from another container 426 What is the (best) way to manage permissions for Docker shared volumes? 909 How can I delete all local Docker images? 241 Forward host port to docker container Load 7 more related questions Show fewer related questions 0 Sorted by: Reset to default Highest score (default) Trending (recent votes count more) Date modified (newest first) Date created (oldest first) Know someone who can answer? Share a link to this question via email, Twitter, or Facebook. Your Answer Thanks for contributing an answer to Stack Overflow! Please be sure to answer the question. Provide details and share your research! But avoid … Asking for help, clarification, or responding to other answers. Making statements based on opinion; back them up with references or personal experience. To learn more, see our tips on writing great answers. Draft saved Draft discarded Sign up or log in Sign up using Google Sign up using Facebook Sign up using Email and Password Submit Post as a guest Name Email Required, but never shown Post as a guest Name Email Required, but never shown Post Your Answer Discard By clicking “Post Your Answer”, you agree to our terms of service and acknowledge that you have read and understand our privacy policy and code of conduct. Browse other questions tagged windows docker networking dockerfile windows-subsystem-for-linux or ask your own question. The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Hot Network Questions Film about people in a rural area trapped behind a force field What parts of a spaceship would still work 100 million years later? Trailer spare tire mount: U-bolt threads too long for lug wrench What is causing the pilot light to go out with a loud clunk? Compare new txt file with old txt file and remove all data that matches Algebraically closed fields with only finite orbits Is it too much to create a book cover for a potential book for an interview? What are Astral Diamonds made of? Can a totally ordered set with a last element but no first element exist, or is this contradictory? Resisting a classic Buddhist Argument for Mereological Nihilism Proving the Replica Trick works Why exchange bishop for knight in this endgame? Short story involving a future in which janitors run the world Does rebooting a phone daily increase your phone's security? To what extent (if any) does Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi answer reporters' questions, or at least appear to? How did ZX Spectrum games loaders prevent the use of MERGE? Are there countries where vehicles involved in an accident must move if they're blocking the flow of traffic? How does population size impact the precision of the results What does it mean to have two colors in the fill section? Electrical - Ground used a Neutral How can I get scheme product of two polynomials like this? Is humor unacceptable in referee reports? Why is the use of enemy flags, insignia, uniforms and emblems forbidden in international humanitarian law? Junior professorships (W1) in Germany - does the 6 year limit before start apply to all states? more hot questions Question feed Subscribe to RSS Question feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings