Newest 'windows' Questions - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Questions tagged [windows] Ask Question Writing software specific to the Microsoft Windows operating system: APIs, behaviours, etc. GENERAL WINDOWS SUPPORT IS OFF-TOPIC. Support questions may be asked on https://superuser.com Learn more… Top users Synonyms (3) 165,797 questions Newest Active Bountied 2 Unanswered More Bountied 2 Unanswered Frequent Score Unanswered (my tags) Filter Filter by No answers No accepted answer Has bounty Sorted by Newest Recent activity Highest score Most frequent Bounty ending soon Tagged with My watched tags The following tags: Apply filter Cancel 0 votes 0 answers 4 views Ansible a task to check connectivity with windows machine I have a Jenkinsfile pipeline that's composed of the following primary steps: reverting the machine to a clean snapshot copying files to each machine from a JFrog repository The copy_jfrog_builds ... windows jenkins ansible Hiddai 59 asked 4 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 3 views How to access docker inside wsl from another computer in local network Curruntly I am using WSL2 and I have installed docker inside it. I can expose my containers from my host machine using this: https://github.com/icflorescu/expose-wsl which is working great. Now, lets ... windows docker networking dockerfile windows-subsystem-for-linux rook99 1,024 asked 13 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 9 views command mingw32-make -j 8 not working when trying to setup opencv and qt I'm following the tutorial of "How to setup Qt and openCV on Windows" and right now I'm trying to do the commands mingw32-make -j 8 mingw32-make install but I get this error everytime I'm ... windows qt cmake mingw dmb 1 asked 52 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 6 views How to getting the certificate directly from the WinStore in bytes to send to the request? I have an API which accepts certificate signed requests. At the moment I do it this way response = requests.post(some_url, data=some_data, cert=path_to_cert) For security reasons, I was obliged not to ... python windows python-requests client-certificates httpx NonniSnon 1 asked 56 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 17 views Stack alignment on a Windows program that doesn't link with the C runtime I am writing a C program in Windows that does not link with the runtime library (i.e. msvcrt.dll). A minimum example would be something like this: extern void ExitProcess(unsigned int code); void ... c windows abi foobar 1 asked 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 4 views csshim::System::CreateProcess: failure in a Windows system call: The user name or password is incorrect. (0x52e) while spinning the docker with user Issue : Observing csshim::System::CreateProcess: failure in a Windows system call: The user name or password is incorrect. (0x52e) while spinning the docker with user. Docker image -> mcr.microsoft.... windows docker sai keerthana makala 1 asked 2 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 12 views Config's port doesn't match the kind's port I've enabled kubernetes in the docker desktop. Created a cluster using kind. I was checking a kubectl config file and saw that docker's ports doesn't match to the it: This is a my config file, I've ... windows docker kubernetes kind Danila Permogorsky 1 asked 2 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 5 views Windows Event Collector between workgroup i try to configure WEC/WEF between several servers that are in workgroup. This are all Windows Server 2016 The certificate was issue by an enterprise CA. In the WEF, client authentication certificates ... windows logging winrm Luca Del Prete 1 asked 2 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 7 views my screen get turned on in 2 second after putting it in sleep mode I am using windows 11 ASUS vivo book x16 when my laptop goes in sleep mode after 1 second screen gets on. it's like someone is pressing or touching the touchpad. image here this page starts blinking/... windows asus Sumit verma 1 asked 3 hours ago -1 votes 0 answers 11 views Is NpReg file (94 GB) in the windows folder (120 GB) of C drive, safe to delete? My windows file is 120 GB, and when I searched why, there were many answers about other folders within it being too large. But in my case others were fine, but this one folder NpReg is taking 94 GB ... windows windows-8.1 Arunima 1 asked 4 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 20 views .JAR application does not work as intended I am experiencing an issue with a small GUI Java Application. The app is a GUI implementation for yt-dlp software which makes it easier for people to download music from Youtube without knowing the ... java windows user-interface jar user21588222 1 asked 4 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 26 views LoadLibrary vs build configuration I use LoadLibrary to dynamically load a library in my application. In Visual Studio, I can set different build configurations: x86 or x64 / Debug or Release. I can also build a library from source in ... c++ windows dll loadlibrary Irbis 1,398 asked 4 hours ago -2 votes 0 answers 7 views Alternatives to drivelist NPM package? I'm using drivelist package in my Node.js application on Windows. Currently it works perfectly but has a minor problem and a showstopper problem. The minor problem is that at installation time it ... node.js windows rollup SiliconValley 1,411 asked 4 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 14 views how to run a python selenium celery task as asnyc task when celery is up and ready to work in Windows? I need to run a celery task when the Celery is started (at start up) and it's ready to work in a Django environment. I have more than 5 celery tasks and those are running parallel without problem. but ... python django windows celery celerybeat ali reza 141 asked 4 hours ago 1 vote 1 answer 16 views Porting an OS wrapper gives my identical function names Porting an OS abstraction layer (from an embedded environment) to windows platform I end up with the following situation: /* demo.c is a simple application working with some tasks */ #include "... c windows ansi-c vl106 11 asked 4 hours ago 15 30 50 per page 1 2 3 4 5 … 11054 Next The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Related Tags c++ × 22663 c# × 17032 python × 15682 batch-file × 14834 winapi × 10738 cmd × 8888 powershell × 7794 c × 7521 java × 7129 .net × 6065 linux × 5589 php × 3543 visual-studio × 3019 command-line × 2841 python-3.x × 2731 git × 2724 dll × 2415 node.js × 2340 visual-c++ × 2244 qt × 2183 docker × 2178 installation × 2106 winforms × 2079 service × 2064 registry × 2054 more related tags Hot Network Questions Why didn't Gandalf identify the troll's swords? What does it mean to have two colors in the fill section? LED reverse voltage rating failed pt-online-schema-change left behind triggers. How to delete? What telescope is Polish astronomer Kazimierz Kordylewski holding in this April 1964 photo at the Jagiellonian University Observatory in Krakow? How can I get scheme product of two polynomials like this? If Boris Johnson returns as an MP, would he have to serve the 90-day suspension for lying to Parliament? How to bevel curved objects with many sharp turns? Am I using the chi-squared test correctly? Favorite Economics Podcast? IR LED with transistor Dynamically Linking a Proprietary Module to a GPL-Covered Library (C/C++) Reasoning about CwFs in a proof assistant What parts of a spaceship would still work 100 million years later? Short story involving a future in which janitors run the world Safe to remove plastic chainring cover? Is there a good reason for the IRS to seize ATF 4473 Forms? Is this Order of Scribes wizard combo with the Elemental Bane and Faithful Hound spells a legal exploit? Why is rock or metal often cold to the touch but wood or plastic is not? Perfect quotients of braid groups Vertices of a regular dodecahedron Is humor unacceptable in referee reports? How to compare loan interest rate to savings account interest rate? Determining four rational numbers, given their pairwise sums more hot questions Newest windows questions feed Subscribe to RSS Newest windows questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings