Newest 'dockerfile' Questions - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Questions tagged [dockerfile] Ask Question A Dockerfile is a file containing instructions to build a Docker image. Learn more… Top users Synonyms 14,859 questions Newest Active Bountied Unanswered More Bountied 0 Unanswered Frequent Score Unanswered (my tags) Filter Filter by No answers No accepted answer Has bounty Sorted by Newest Recent activity Highest score Most frequent Bounty ending soon Tagged with My watched tags The following tags: Apply filter Cancel 0 votes 0 answers 3 views How to access docker inside wsl from another computer in local network Curruntly I am using WSL2 and I have installed docker inside it. I can expose my containers from my host machine using this: https://github.com/icflorescu/expose-wsl which is working great. Now, lets ... windows docker networking dockerfile windows-subsystem-for-linux rook99 1,024 asked 13 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 12 views Docker not listing some Folders and files in the dockercontext I am having following structure for the asp.net core application . ├── Root ├── DockerFile/ │ ├── Folder1/ │ │ ├── nuget.config │ │ └── .csproj │ ├── Folder2/ │ │ ├── nuget.config │ │... docker asp.net-core dockerfile docker-container threeleggedrabbit 1,624 asked 3 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 19 views Spring Boot / package com.***.***.entity does not exist [duplicate] I'm trying to build a JAR file for my Dockerfile. However, when I run "mvn clean install," I receive the error mentioned above. The build fails with the error "***.entity does not exist,... java spring kotlin dockerfile ShortlyMsg 11 asked 5 hours ago -2 votes 0 answers 19 views how to add vm options in Dockerfile I have below Dockerfile FROM openjdk:17 WORKDIR cloud COPY target/serviceprocessor-*.jar . COPY start.sh . COPY agent/opentelemetry-*.jar . RUN chmod +x start.sh *.jar ENTRYPOINT ["/cloud/start.... java spring docker intellij-idea dockerfile Bravo 8,515 asked 6 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 3 views CicleCI trouble with buldah build There was a problem with the image build in CircleCI, I don't understand why it doesn't work with the ruby image Here proplem - buildah bud -f ./Dockerfile -t hiq-intelligence-api:83948762 STEP 1/... dockerfile circleci buildah ggg 13 asked 14 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 13 views Docker getting bcrypt error when run the container with nodejs application I've got an error when run my containers with application. Tried all solutions what I've seen in google. Add a .dockerignore file with /node_modules. Different commands in Dockerfile such as "RUN ... node.js docker docker-compose dockerfile lx.smerechevskiy 1 asked 15 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 24 views Install PHP extensions on Debian base image I'm trying to have a basic lamp stack up and running in containers. I use docker-compose and have a container for mysql, and I'm building my own thing for the site. It's a site that relies on a .... php docker docker-compose dockerfile php-extension Jeremy Belolo 4,239 asked 16 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 19 views PM2 error: app=npm id=0 does not have a pid Having docker file contains following steps, image gets build successfully and if you check logs server also gets started successfully on the following port, but not sure facing this error from pm2 ... node.js azure docker dockerfile pm2 shikhar 110 asked 18 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 11 views Intermittent Dockerfile Issue: Problem executing scripts APT::Update::Post-Invoke This pipeline ran fine a week ago, but without any changes on my side to the dockerfile and the .gitlab-ci.yml, I started experiencing this issue. I have a pipeline running through gitlab and its ... nginx gitlab dockerfile apt-get Alixander Greganti 1 asked 19 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 17 views How to configure a dockerfile to install CUDA 10.1? I have a docker application and I need to configure its dockerfile to install cuda with 10.1 release I tried RUN apt install \ nvidia-cuda-toolkit \ -y but after type nvcc --version, I have ... docker dockerfile nvidia Rommel Dias 1 asked 20 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 15 views Python AssertionError: on boolean value In my python code that I use to build my app docker image I'm trying to ensure that the variable CHECKDNS are always set explicitly to either False or True: self.dnscheck: bool = (os.environ.get("... dockerfile python-3.10 PyN00b 1 asked 23 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 11 views "/usr/bin/env: 'bash\r': No such file or directory" Docker Windows [duplicate] it's my first time in Docker and in my first project they shared a Bitbucket repository with several Docker files, including the Dockerfile. I was able to create the image, however by typing the ... linux docker dockerfile wsl-2 edw4rd 3 asked 23 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 13 views How to build a Docker image for an app with local dependencies in a monorepo I have a monorepo with the following structure: root/ ├── node_modules ├── tsconfig.references.json ├── package.json ├── apps/ │ ├── api/ │ │ ├── tsconfig.json │ │ ├── dist/ │ │ ├── src/ ... typescript docker dockerfile nestjs monorepo Stf_F 774 asked yesterday 0 votes 1 answer 18 views Docker script permissions on Openshift I'm trying to run my own Azure build agent on Openhshift. For this I'm following Microsoft's own instructions here: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/docker?view=azure-... docker permissions dockerfile openshift Deddiekoel 1,929 asked yesterday 0 votes 1 answer 24 views Dockerfile TSC command is failing Im kinda new to docker and Ive gone through a few iterations of this. just trying to get it running past the build step. My build:prod just runs "tsc". For some reason I'm getting the ... node.js docker dockerfile Richard Ryan Garcia 31 asked yesterday 15 30 50 per page 1 2 3 4 5 … 991 Next The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Related Tags docker × 13139 docker-compose × 3928 python × 981 node.js × 762 java × 497 containers × 418 linux × 403 bash × 360 nginx × 358 php × 355 ubuntu × 317 docker-machine × 310 kubernetes × 300 mysql × 273 spring-boot × 272 jenkins × 264 docker-image × 255 postgresql × 241 docker-build × 231 django × 222 go × 221 alpine-linux × 204 .net-core × 203 asp.net-core × 201 python-3.x × 200 more related tags Hot Network Questions Is this Order of Scribes wizard combo with the Elemental Bane and Faithful Hound spells a legal exploit? Am I using the chi-squared test correctly? A particular nonlinear second-order ODE with parameter ImageWriter II occasionally prints hex dumps How to write time signatures in emails and texts LED reverse voltage rating Can a totally ordered set with a last element but no first element exist, or is this contradictory? How can I get scheme product of two polynomials like this? Unclear usages of の Vertices of a regular dodecahedron What academic evidence is there of the pronunciation of gn as ɲn in Vulgar Latin? What parts of a spaceship would still work 100 million years later? Algebraically closed fields with only finite orbits If Boris Johnson returns as an MP, would he have to serve the 90-day suspension for lying to Parliament? Perfect quotients of braid groups Resisting a classic Buddhist Argument for Mereological Nihilism Why "previously learned knowledge" is a natural phrase in English, although "learn knowledge" is not? C23 Vector Macro Implementation How does population size impact the precision of the results How to deal with an enthusiastic new player who's interrupting others? aka, How to gently teach "improv etiquette"? Martin's magic teapot Buffer accuracy in virtual layer differs from accuracy in PostGIS view Why does this native speaker (Youtuber) say "...a island" but not "...an island": "I thought the 50 grand was getting me a island." Proving the Replica Trick works more hot questions Newest dockerfile questions feed Subscribe to RSS Newest dockerfile questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings