java - How does RxJava's computation scheduler work? - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams How does RxJava's computation scheduler work? Ask Question Asked today Modified today Viewed 7 times -1 I have a short question that is rather about my misunderstanding of some concepts. I understand that the RxJava's computation scheduler uses a thread pool with size of CPU cores count under the hood. But what the difference between these threads and the threads for IO-bound tasks? All the threads acquire the thread execution time entirely (except when we calling yield or some other mechanism for thread swapping internally), don't they? What does the computation scheduler do internally for ensuring that its threads will be run on a CPU core? And what the real difference between the IO threads and the computation threads? java rx-java Share Follow asked 14 mins ago Pavel KucherenkoPavel Kucherenko 3311 silver badge44 bronze badges Add a comment | Related questions 1338 Difference between "wait()" vs "sleep()" in Java 1710 How does the Java 'for each' loop work? 4365 How do I avoid checking for nulls in Java? Related questions 1338 Difference between "wait()" vs "sleep()" in Java 1710 How does the Java 'for each' loop work? 4365 How do I avoid checking for nulls in Java? 478 Custom thread pool in Java 8 parallel stream 4654 How do I read / convert an InputStream into a String in Java? 4057 How do I generate random integers within a specific range in Java? 257 Use cases for RxJava schedulers 2667 Does a finally block always get executed in Java? 3695 How can I create a memory leak in Java? 3921 How do I efficiently iterate over each entry in a Java Map? Load 7 more related questions Show fewer related questions 0 Sorted by: Reset to default Highest score (default) Trending (recent votes count more) Date modified (newest first) Date created (oldest first) Know someone who can answer? Share a link to this question via email, Twitter, or Facebook. Your Answer Thanks for contributing an answer to Stack Overflow! Please be sure to answer the question. Provide details and share your research! But avoid … Asking for help, clarification, or responding to other answers. Making statements based on opinion; back them up with references or personal experience. To learn more, see our tips on writing great answers. Draft saved Draft discarded Sign up or log in Sign up using Google Sign up using Facebook Sign up using Email and Password Submit Post as a guest Name Email Required, but never shown Post as a guest Name Email Required, but never shown Post Your Answer Discard By clicking “Post Your Answer”, you agree to our terms of service and acknowledge that you have read and understand our privacy policy and code of conduct. Browse other questions tagged java rx-java or ask your own question. The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Hot Network Questions Does the epsilon-delta definition of limits truly capture our intuitive understanding of limits? What minimum versions of operating systems and browsers are compatible with Google-managed SSL certificates? Junior professorships (W1) in Germany - does the 6 year limit before start apply to all states? To what extent (if any) does Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi answer reporters' questions, or at least appear to? Is my employer allowed to make me work without pay? Why are sometimes the brightest star of a constellation not named alpha? Is this Order of Scribes wizard combo with the Elemental Bane and Faithful Hound spells a legal exploit? Determining four rational numbers, given their pairwise sums How does population size impact the precision of the results How to deal with an enthusiastic new player who's interrupting others? aka, How to gently teach "improv etiquette"? Hiking Circuits Why didn't Gandalf identify the troll's swords? What parts of a spaceship would still work 100 million years later? Compare new txt file with old txt file and remove all data that matches Problems in NP with non-trivial certificate Up and up they go Why is the use of enemy flags, insignia, uniforms and emblems forbidden in international humanitarian law? Buffer accuracy in virtual layer differs from accuracy in PostGIS view A particular nonlinear second-order ODE with parameter Why is rock or metal often cold to the touch but wood or plastic is not? Combine 1,3,3,7 to get 10 Are passengers required to obey pilots' commands? Does there exist a field where all even degree equations have solutions but not all odd degree equations? C23 Vector Macro Implementation more hot questions Question feed Subscribe to RSS Question feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. lang-java Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings