Newest 'java' Questions - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Questions tagged [java] Ask Question Java is a high-level object-oriented programming language. Use this tag when you're having problems using or understanding the language itself. This tag is frequently used alongside other tags for libraries and/or frameworks used by Java developers. Learn more… Top users Synonyms (11) 1,900,246 questions Newest Active Bountied 18 Unanswered More Bountied 18 Unanswered Frequent Score Unanswered (my tags) Filter Filter by No answers No accepted answer Has bounty Sorted by Newest Recent activity Highest score Most frequent Bounty ending soon Tagged with My watched tags The following tags: Apply filter Cancel 0 votes 0 answers 2 views Can u help me! TabSelector in Android I'm new in android. I don't understand the Tabselector part in Android, I learned on chatgpt but still can't do it. I hope you teach me. Thanks you very much tried to create one class TabAdapter, have ... java android android-fragments android-tablayout Hyu Nie 1 asked 55 secs ago 0 votes 0 answers 2 views Failed to authorize ReflectiveMethodInvocation decision ExpressionAuthorizationDecision [granted=false, expressionAttribute=hasAuthority('ROLE_PROF')] i want to add Role-based Authentication to my get user API but My implementation is- SecurityConfigs.java public class SecurityConfig { private final JwtAuthConverter jwtAuthConverter; @Bean ... java spring spring-boot spring-security keycloak Nouhaila Khaouti 5 asked 1 min ago 0 votes 0 answers 4 views How to write test case using vertx for db class? Below is my written code. I want to write test cases using powermokito for db class. I expect to write test cases for below vertx related classess using junit powermokito to cover 80% coverage. I ... java junit vert.x powermockito Kalpani Athukorala 1 asked 2 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 7 views I saw a link on discord that said a clip, there was a title and when I clicked it took me to another clip While browsing through Discord, I encountered an intriguing thread that contained a link supposedly leading to a specific video clip. However, upon clicking the link, I was surprised to find myself ... javascript java nothing. 1 asked 3 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 9 views User defined function nor working in H2 database I've got this Java function that normalises a String: public static Object normalizeString(String source) { if (source==null) return null; String cleaned = source.replaceAll("[\\n\\r\\t]&... java h2 lvr123 524 asked 8 mins ago -1 votes 0 answers 7 views How does RxJava's computation scheduler work? I have a short question that is rather about my misunderstanding of some concepts. I understand that the RxJava's computation scheduler uses a thread pool with size of CPU cores count under the hood. ... java rx-java Pavel Kucherenko 33 asked 14 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 4 views implement custom keycloak form authenticator? so resently I trying to implement an authentication service using spring boot and keycloak as. IAM tool , my login "get token" functionality could happen by two way, either by phone and ... java keycloak keycloak-spi kikicoder 373 asked 15 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 5 views I created alert dialog but I can’t implement it with firebase remote config real time I managed to create the alert dialog in android studio with java and connect with firebase remote config, it works all but only that I would like to implement in the code the firebase real time remote ... java android Carloesposito98 1 asked 16 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 6 views hide or ignore json property in yaml i am using open api generator for request and response objects generation. I want to hide/ignore the json field from yaml. So i have tried by using this config in yaml-> x-field-extra-annotation: &... java spring-boot swagger openapi openapi-generator veera 317 asked 20 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 4 views PDFBox not writing lines correctly in new PDDocument I have a long text (which I got by using PDFTextStripper) I splitted in lines by doing text.split("\\r\\n");, Then I remove control characters: line = line.replaceAll("\\r\\n", &... java pdf text pdfbox 0xracer 9 asked 21 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 5 views Performance issues with Neptune gremlin query We have an analysis project for which we are using neptune db. Configuration: db.r5d.24xlarge 96 cores 768G memory. It contains around 50 million vertices and 500 million edges. Vertices have id, name ... java amazon-web-services gremlin amazon-neptune tinkerpop3 popcoder 2,922 asked 22 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 9 views How does JWT token validation work if we are setting user details in SecurityContextHolder? I was going through the JWT Code and in JwtRequestFilter- package com.javainuse.config; import java.io.IOException; import javax.servlet.FilterChain; import javax.servlet.ServletException; import ... java spring spring-boot jwt token shm_csgo 1 asked 23 mins ago 0 votes 1 answer 8 views TestNG expectedExceptionsMessageRegExp using enum I am using the expectedExceptionsMessageRegExp propery on the @Test annotation to test the exception message using enum but it is not working. Does enum is supported ? Below code deoesn't work. ... java junit testng Stunner 952 asked 36 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 6 views Trying in app subscription but showing error "D/GoogleBillingService: buy. Google billing service is not ready yet." I am trying to add an in-app subscription to my app but it is showing this error in the log "D/GoogleBillingService: buy. Google billing service is not ready yet." I've added the license ... java android-studio google-play-console Budding Developer 15 asked 36 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 5 views Apache Nifi Concurrency java explanation I have created custom processor in java.i have basic understanding how the processor works but still i have no idea about how the nifi scheduling uses concurrent Tasks. Here,i have used 10 concurrent ... java concurrency apache-nifi Raghav07 23 asked 38 mins ago 15 30 50 per page 1 2 3 4 5 … 126684 Next The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Related Tags android × 281076 spring × 127287 swing × 79398 spring-boot × 72917 eclipse × 59377 hibernate × 58553 arrays × 52157 maven × 47509 multithreading × 39213 json × 39139 xml × 36485 string × 32554 spring-mvc × 32057 jpa × 31178 mysql × 30556 jsp × 27612 arraylist × 26353 javafx × 24379 tomcat × 23626 regex × 23431 servlets × 23252 android-studio × 23237 jdbc × 22480 selenium × 22123 javascript × 21260 more related tags Hot Network Questions Vertices of a regular dodecahedron How to deal with an enthusiastic new player who's interrupting others? aka, How to gently teach "improv etiquette"? Why are Search & Rescue aircraft looking for the OceanGate Titan submarine not visible on ADS-B Exchange? SFDX: exports.getOrgApiVersion is not a function Does one need to buy tickets in advance for Deutsche Bahn train? If Boris Johnson returns as an MP, would he have to serve the 90-day suspension for lying to Parliament? How to write time signatures in emails and texts Plausibility of using orbital mirrors to dig a canyon Samsung SyncMaster 3 cannot show resolutions up from 800x600 despite manual saying otherwise Why are sometimes the brightest star of a constellation not named alpha? Proving the Replica Trick works How to bevel curved objects with many sharp turns? How would humans adapt to suddenly gaining new senses? Is this Order of Scribes wizard combo with the Elemental Bane and Faithful Hound spells a legal exploit? Is there evidence of a pagan temple on the site of the Jewish Temple in Jerusalem that predated the Jewish Temple? 16 month old wants to co sleep, won’t sleep alone Short poem about a teleportation accident Problems in NP with non-trivial certificate What is causing the pilot light to go out with a loud clunk? How can I get scheme product of two polynomials like this? IR LED with transistor Perfect quotients of braid groups Does there exist a field where all even degree equations have solutions but not all odd degree equations? LED reverse voltage rating more hot questions Newest java questions feed Subscribe to RSS Newest java questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings