Newest 'rx-java' Questions - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Questions tagged [rx-java] Ask Question RxJava – Reactive Extensions for the JVM – a library for composing asynchronous and event-based programs using observable sequences for the Java VM. Learn more… Top users Synonyms 6,952 questions Newest Active Bountied Unanswered More Bountied 0 Unanswered Frequent Score Unanswered (my tags) Filter Filter by No answers No accepted answer Has bounty Sorted by Newest Recent activity Highest score Most frequent Bounty ending soon Tagged with My watched tags The following tags: Apply filter Cancel -1 votes 0 answers 7 views How does RxJava's computation scheduler work? I have a short question that is rather about my misunderstanding of some concepts. I understand that the RxJava's computation scheduler uses a thread pool with size of CPU cores count under the hood. ... java rx-java Pavel Kucherenko 33 asked 14 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 19 views Transform Callback into Observable with data from other Observable I'm new to RxJava and I got a question about transforming callbacks into Observables. I have this function that uses a callback. client.loadAsync(body, object : Callback { override fun onSuccess(... android kotlin callback rx-java rx-android Alfredo Bejarano 538 asked Jun 13 at 16:48 0 votes 0 answers 18 views RxJava - Adding new duplicate observer each call I have a function that gets called from the response of a Flowable. It's an API request that returns a Single. private fun syncUser() { getUserUseCase.getUser() //Flowable DB (Room) call ... android kotlin rx-java rx-java2 eoinzy 2,150 asked Jun 6 at 14:18 0 votes 1 answer 26 views How to execute for loop one by one synchronous in ex kotlin private fun sendListOfFeedBack(listOfFeedBack: ArrayList<FeedbackModel>, email: String, firstName: String, lastName: String, ... android rx-java rx-kotlin MARSH 119 asked Jun 2 at 4:00 0 votes 0 answers 15 views On Android, is ”Observable.interval(RxJava)“ affected by power saving policies? Does it continue to run after the screen is turned off? I have added the app to the battery-optimized whitelist, and created ForegroundService. android rx-java foreground-service Qiuyan Su 120 asked Jun 1 at 3:24 0 votes 0 answers 18 views RxJava compatibility with Rsocket Im going through RSocket implementation for Java using this https://github.com/rsocket/rsocket-java, but could only find Reactor support(Flux,Mono) I cannot see any RxJava(Observables) support with ... rx-java reactive-programming rsocket rx-java3 akshay jangid 1 asked May 30 at 9:29 0 votes 0 answers 9 views Can a RxJava chain emit 2 items for a single event emission by its source observable? I am trying to emit UI State based on an UIEvent. The UIEvent is a PublishSubject which feeds events into the following rx chain private val speciesStateObservable:Observable<PokemonListViewState&... android rx-java reactive-programming rx-java2 Pranay Mohapatra 61 asked May 28 at 11:50 0 votes 0 answers 15 views Whats the right way of managing transactions in Reactive Programming? During synchronous method calls, we know how to manage transactions, for eg. we have @Transactional annotation in Spring Boot. But, how can we manage transactions in Reactive Programming (eg. RxJava), ... java transactions rx-java reactive Gaurav 1,550 asked May 14 at 14:59 1 vote 1 answer 35 views How to add andthen() operator under condition or inside a loop Rx Kotlin I'm trying to chain some rx operations under a condition but the andthen() inside the apply does not execute. Is this correct? operation returns a Completable. Android studio gives me the warning &... kotlin rx-java rx-kotlin RiesenChicken 83 asked May 10 at 14:59 0 votes 0 answers 18 views Should dispose() be called on the same thread if I want to make a new subscription right away? Have a look at the following code: init { disposable = itemsDao.getAll() .observeOn(AndroidSchedilers.mainThread()) .subscribe { newItems -> items.clear() items.addAll(... rx-java android-room ivan8m8 388 asked Apr 29 at 14:32 1 vote 0 answers 26 views RxJava how to intersperse a Flowable? I'm new to rx-java, I'm comming from the akka world. In akka-streams there is a convinient intersperse function and I would like to know how to do the same on Flowable? so something like Flowable .... java rx-java reactive-streams Arthur Blanc 11 asked Apr 28 at 5:33 0 votes 0 answers 24 views How RxJava avoid deadlock and how it never runs out of I/O threads? How RxJava avoid deadlock and how it never runs out of I/O threads? I understood that Rxjava has a limited pool of i/o threads. Why it never runs out of I/O threads? How RxJava avoid deadlock and how ... java multithreading rx-java deadlock java-threads Erick Adriel Vaernet 1 asked Apr 27 at 20:43 -4 votes 1 answer 46 views What is best way to call any method after every 30 seconds i need to call a method on every 30 seconds what is the best way Handler, Observable.interval() or is there any other efficient way android rx-java Devendra Joshi 1 asked Apr 24 at 7:30 3 votes 1 answer 361 views Duplicate class kotlin.collections.jdk8.CollectionsJDK8Kt found in modules jetified-kotlin-stdlib-1.8.10 My project is in Java , but when i tried to compile the project , it throws kotlin-related error that there are duplicate classes whereas i'm not really using any kotlin dependency or kotlin , any ... java android rx-java Taki 3,204 asked Apr 21 at 17:29 0 votes 1 answer 26 views Unexpected behavior in RxJava with observables constructed using AtomicIntegers Here's the test case: import io.reactivex.rxjava3.core.*; import java.util.concurrent.TimeUnit; import java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicInteger; public class MainTest { public static AtomicInteger ... rx-java atomic system.reactive David Posner 1 asked Apr 21 at 16:04 15 30 50 per page 1 2 3 4 5 … 464 Next The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Related Tags android × 3632 java × 2309 rx-java2 × 1548 rx-android × 1211 reactive-programming × 963 kotlin × 746 retrofit × 550 observable × 438 retrofit2 × 431 multithreading × 247 reactivex × 190 android-room × 128 rx-kotlin × 126 unit-testing × 120 system.reactive × 115 asynchronous × 96 realm × 95 rx-java3 × 91 vert.x × 80 rxjs × 78 spring × 73 project-reactor × 73 java-8 × 71 scala × 70 mockito × 66 more related tags Hot Network Questions Film about people in a rural area trapped behind a force field Does the epsilon-delta definition of limits truly capture our intuitive understanding of limits? SFDX: exports.getOrgApiVersion is not a function InterpolationOrder creates a sharp valley even if I increase the number of points. How to have a smooth curve? Is it possible to fill the second column with something automatically? Why are the ground floors windows of northern Italian palazzi often barred up? Does there exist a field where all even degree equations have solutions but not all odd degree equations? Does one need to buy tickets in advance for Deutsche Bahn train? How did ZX Spectrum games loaders prevent the use of MERGE? Did Andrew Tate claim his job was to seduce women and get them on a webcam? Vertices of a regular dodecahedron Why can't NSolve solve for the obvious zeros? Why does NIST SP 800-90C RBG3 construction require XOR or reseeding a DRBG with a physical entropy source to produce full entropy? Perfect quotients of braid groups Do more legislative seats make Gerrymandering harder? What does it mean to have two colors in the fill section? What are Astral Diamonds made of? Why "previously learned knowledge" is a natural phrase in English, although "learn knowledge" is not? Is the full GPS constellation a Walker Delta constellation? What's the oldest story where someone teleports into a solid or liquid? What academic evidence is there of the pronunciation of gn as ɲn in Vulgar Latin? Line of Best Fit with or Without Constant Term Junior professorships (W1) in Germany - does the 6 year limit before start apply to all states? Why are sometimes the brightest star of a constellation not named alpha? more hot questions Newest rx-java questions feed Subscribe to RSS Newest rx-java questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings