python - RobotFramework combine test template with variables and other keywords - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams RobotFramework combine test template with variables and other keywords Ask Question Asked today Modified today Viewed 6 times 0 I want to use test [Template] as part of a testcase. Below Testcase i want to use "Set Variable" and "Get Current Date", but robot doesn't recognize the keywords. I don't want the test [Template] to be seperated from the testcase. Is this possible or is there a better way to resolve this. ***** Test Cases *****

RUN Example test with template
  ${current_date_yyyy-mm-dd}=      Get Current Date      result_format=%Y-%m-%d   
  ${xxx}     Set Variable    tmpvalue
  [Template]    Generate xxx message 
            1    2    3    4
            3    3    3    3 
 I tried the [setup] variant, but I don't like this solution, because its seperated from the testcase. python testing automated-tests robotframework Share Follow edited 10 mins ago daica asked 14 mins ago daicadaica 111 bronze badge New contributor daica is a new contributor to this site. Take care in asking for clarification, commenting, and answering. Check out our Code of Conduct. Add a comment | Related questions 2497 Class (static) variables and methods 585 How do I calculate the date six months from the current date using the datetime Python module? 1 RobotFramework Having keywords and Test template Related questions 2497 Class (static) variables and methods 585 How do I calculate the date six months from the current date using the datetime Python module? 1 RobotFramework Having keywords and Test template 1708 Random string generation with upper case letters and digits 972 Running unittest with typical test directory structure 0 Robotframework - How to document keywords present inside a tests 832 How to test multiple variables for equality against a single value? 0 Test Suite creation in robotframework-eclipse-python 994 Peak detection in a 2D array 1038 What is the naming convention in Python for variables and functions? Load 7 more related questions Show fewer related questions 0 Sorted by: Reset to default Highest score (default) Trending (recent votes count more) Date modified (newest first) Date created (oldest first) Know someone who can answer? Share a link to this question via email, Twitter, or Facebook. Your Answer daica is a new contributor. Be nice, and check out our Code of Conduct. Thanks for contributing an answer to Stack Overflow! Please be sure to answer the question. Provide details and share your research! But avoid … Asking for help, clarification, or responding to other answers. Making statements based on opinion; back them up with references or personal experience. To learn more, see our tips on writing great answers. Draft saved Draft discarded Sign up or log in Sign up using Google Sign up using Facebook Sign up using Email and Password Submit Post as a guest Name Email Required, but never shown Post as a guest Name Email Required, but never shown Post Your Answer Discard By clicking “Post Your Answer”, you agree to our terms of service and acknowledge that you have read and understand our privacy policy and code of conduct. Browse other questions tagged python testing automated-tests robotframework or ask your own question. The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Hot Network Questions Why does NIST SP 800-90C RBG3 construction require XOR or reseeding a DRBG with a physical entropy source to produce full entropy? How can I get scheme product of two polynomials like this? What minimum versions of operating systems and browsers are compatible with Google-managed SSL certificates? Why is rock or metal often cold to the touch but wood or plastic is not? Does the epsilon-delta definition of limits truly capture our intuitive understanding of limits? Up and up they go Electrical - Ground used a Neutral Are passengers required to obey pilots' commands? To what extent (if any) does Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi answer reporters' questions, or at least appear to? Does 'see a [person] [verb]-ing' necessitate seeing both the person and their action? Why can't NSolve solve for the obvious zeros? C23 Vector Macro Implementation What are some monsters or spells that could trap NPCs for a long time without killing them? Perfect quotients of braid groups How do you read "10/10"? Short story involving a future in which janitors run the world Are there countries where vehicles involved in an accident must move if they're blocking the flow of traffic? SFDX: exports.getOrgApiVersion is not a function Why are the ground floors windows of northern Italian palazzi often barred up? Reasoning about CwFs in a proof assistant Short poem about a teleportation accident Is the full GPS constellation a Walker Delta constellation? Why is the use of enemy flags, insignia, uniforms and emblems forbidden in international humanitarian law? Is there a way to keep the versatile bonus while mounted, like a feat or anything? more hot questions Question feed Subscribe to RSS Question feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. lang-py Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings