Newest 'python' Questions - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Questions tagged [python] Ask Question Python is a multi-paradigm, dynamically typed, multi-purpose programming language. It is designed to be quick to learn, understand, and use, and enforces a clean and uniform syntax. Please note that Python 2 is officially out of support as of 2020-01-01. For version-specific Python questions, add the [python-2.7] or [python-3.x] tag. When using a Python variant (e.g. Jython, PyPy) or library (e.g. Pandas, NumPy), please include it in the tags. Learn more… Top users Synonyms (4) 2,144,675 questions Newest Active Bountied 23 Unanswered More Bountied 23 Unanswered Frequent Score Unanswered (my tags) Filter Filter by No answers No accepted answer Has bounty Sorted by Newest Recent activity Highest score Most frequent Bounty ending soon Tagged with My watched tags The following tags: Apply filter Cancel 0 votes 0 answers 5 views Do clustering on dataset but don't divide items with the same label I have a dataset with 10k+ points. Some of the data is labeled into 100+ labels. The rest is to classify. I cannot classify the new data directly as the number of labels is too high and the result ... python machine-learning data-science cluster-analysis Krzysztof C 13 asked 6 mins ago -1 votes 0 answers 8 views unhashable type: 'Series' | Dictionary Below is the dictionary I have created, flag= { 'No':0 , 'N':0, 'Y':1, 'Yes': 1 } New_Product_Launch = flag[final_input_optimization[(final_input_optimization['Brand']==Campaign_Details.iloc[0]['Brand'... python pandas dataframe dictionary series Mihika Malhotra 7 asked 8 mins ago -2 votes 2 answers 19 views TypeError: object is not iterable when trying to iterate over a list I have written a code that is supposed to iterate over a list of numbers and perform certain operations on each element. However, I'm getting the following error message: 'TypeError: object is not ... python list Latif 9 asked 11 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 6 views RobotFramework combine test template with variables and other keywords I want to use test [Template] as part of a testcase. Below Testcase i want to use "Set Variable" and "Get Current Date", but robot doesn't recognize the keywords. I don't want the ... python testing automated-tests robotframework daica 1 asked 14 mins ago -1 votes 0 answers 11 views How do I filter for data in a JSON file thats saved in github, by using python? I have a JSON file in GitHub. I am trying to filter on customer names that return false for a specific key, by using python. Looking for guidance on how to do run a python script, that references the ... python json github filter AST 9 asked 16 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 12 views Python is formatting the Primary Key cell value extracted via SQL query in some date format [closed] My python code is establishing the database connection and executing a SQL Query to fetch some millions of records. Now after the logic is applied to the table few of the columns are extracted. Based ... python mysql date Neha M 1 asked 16 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 10 views Using ANSI Escape Sequence in Python on sys.stderr seems to affect incorrect output line on screen I need to print a couple of error messasges to the screen and then erase them without disturbing the subsequent output to the user. I'm using ANSI Escape Sequences for cursor control. The code works ... python ansi-escape Elvis M 13 asked 18 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 10 views Tkinter Callback exception I was importing a dataset in bbox_tool and for that i downloaded a code for bbox_tool. But while trying to import a image from the directory, it isn't getting imported. This is what I am getting in my ... python conv-neural-network yolov4 Sanket Kar 1 asked 18 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 7 views Errors when trying to insert subtitles to a video import requests import json url = 'https://youtube.googleapis.com/youtube/v3/captions?part=snippet&key=XXXXXXXXXX' headers = { 'Accept': 'application/json', 'Authorization': 'Bearer ... python youtube-api youtube-data-api Romain D.L 1 asked 19 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 8 views Pyodbc error using Microsoft SQL Server 2012 and ODBC Driver 18 I'm trying to connect to a Microsoft SQL Server 2012 from an Ubuntu Server 22.04 using the Python's library pyodbc. With the following connection string: 'DRIVER={ODBC Driver 18 for SQL Server};SERVER=... python sql-server prodoreda 1 asked 21 mins ago 1 vote 1 answer 17 views How to resample and calculate amount weighted average price in Pandas? I have a dataframe of trades in which each trade has a corresponding amount and price. How can I resample the dataframe in a 1 minute period and calculate the amount weighted average prices of each ... python pandas Florent 1,698 asked 21 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 7 views Problem creating image of repeating gratings over time I am trying to create an image with plt.imshow that will contain several gratings(blocks of black and white stripes) seperated in time. Inbetween I want to have gray blocks. This corresponds to the ... python image matplotlib Panagiotis Eleftheriadis 1 asked 22 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 8 views FastAPI behind CloudFlare, real client ip problem I have the following simple FastAPI micro-service: from fastapi import FastAPI app = FastAPI(docs_url=None, redoc_url=None, title="Get Forecast") @app.get(path="/get_weather") ... python kubernetes fastapi mpp9009 5 asked 23 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 7 views PyAudio OSError: [Errno -9981] Input overflowed when running as a systemd service on Ubuntu I have encountered a rather peculiar issue while trying to deploy a Python Flask application that uses the PyAudio library to access microphone data. The strange thing is that the application runs ... python ubuntu flask pyaudio 姚瑞麒 1 asked 26 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 23 views How to make a map and coordinate system for it in python Let me explain exactly what I meant. I made a game in python and needed a map. I need a character to appear at the beginning (in the left corner), and after that he can be controlled. According to the ... python Twistik 1 asked 30 mins ago 15 30 50 per page 1 2 3 4 5 … 142979 Next The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Related Tags pandas × 241878 python-3.x × 203009 django × 156383 numpy × 99053 dataframe × 88053 list × 70315 python-2.7 × 63194 matplotlib × 61063 tensorflow × 47366 dictionary × 47040 tkinter × 44037 flask × 40642 selenium × 36641 regex × 35523 arrays × 33890 json × 33394 csv × 32957 string × 32067 web-scraping × 28318 beautifulsoup × 27595 html × 27526 opencv × 26803 keras × 26546 machine-learning × 26539 scikit-learn × 21524 more related tags Hot Network Questions What minimum versions of operating systems and browsers are compatible with Google-managed SSL certificates? Samsung SyncMaster 3 cannot show resolutions up from 800x600 despite manual saying otherwise Algebraically closed fields with only finite orbits C23 Vector Macro Implementation Is it possible to fill the second column with something automatically? Am I using the chi-squared test correctly? Multiple alignments of different equation types in math mode Does rebooting a phone daily increase your phone's security? Trailer spare tire mount: U-bolt threads too long for lug wrench Is humor unacceptable in referee reports? Is there a way to keep the versatile bonus while mounted, like a feat or anything? Why can't NSolve solve for the obvious zeros? What telescope is Polish astronomer Kazimierz Kordylewski holding in this April 1964 photo at the Jagiellonian University Observatory in Krakow? How to compare loan interest rate to savings account interest rate? Does the epsilon-delta definition of limits truly capture our intuitive understanding of limits? Can I add a second occupant to a hotel room at check-in? Junior professorships (W1) in Germany - does the 6 year limit before start apply to all states? How can I get scheme product of two polynomials like this? Vertices of a regular dodecahedron How would humans adapt to suddenly gaining new senses? Word for the collectively leadership and important roles in a society Plausibility of using orbital mirrors to dig a canyon Is it too much to create a book cover for a potential book for an interview? Why does this native speaker (Youtuber) say "...a island" but not "...an island": "I thought the 50 grand was getting me a island." more hot questions Newest python questions feed Subscribe to RSS Newest python questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings