Newest 'nginx' Questions - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Questions tagged [nginx] Ask Question Nginx is a web and proxy server. Note that questions on the use and configuration of server software may be off-topic and subject to closure if they do not directly involve a programming context. Other Stack Exchange sites such as Super User, Server Fault, or Webmasters may be more appropriate places to ask such questions. Learn more… Top users Synonyms 54,303 questions Newest Active Bountied Unanswered More Bountied 0 Unanswered Frequent Score Unanswered (my tags) Filter Filter by No answers No accepted answer Has bounty Sorted by Newest Recent activity Highest score Most frequent Bounty ending soon Tagged with My watched tags The following tags: Apply filter Cancel 0 votes 0 answers 5 views nginx reverse proxy pass/redirect not working I am trying to achieve the below with nginx - I have 2 docker containers running on a server once container runs nginx on port 80 & takes requests from AWS application load balancer. Then based on ... nginx usert4jju7 1,663 asked 15 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 5 views publish django project where i use websocket While my django project is working in local, when I try to publish it with dajngo and nginx, it still works but cannot connect to websocket. **/etc/nginx/sites-available/oasis ** server { listen ... django nginx websocket gunicorn channels Osman Efe Kurt 1 asked 43 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 8 views Laravel + Nginx + Cloudflare = ERR_TOO_MANY_REDIRECTS I'm trying to deploy a Laravel 10 installation to a Ubuntu 20.04.2 LTS server running LEMP (Linux/Nginx/MySQL/PHP). I'm also using Cloudflare SSL/TLS encryption on Full (strict) mode. Everything works ... php laravel nginx ssl Mike 61 asked 2 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 5 views Redirect ngnix with params I want to config redirect with nginx.conf by this following role: If device_id just use id for sub url with another host url If device_id & user_id change params to deviceId & userId https://... nginx nginx-reverse-proxy nginx-config Chanchen Pork 85 asked 2 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 4 views Configuring upstream server for nginx reverse proxy with angular built app I am trying to configure a reverse proxy for nginx to serve an angular site but am struggling with the upstream server. All of the info I have found researching indicates that nodejs should be running ... angular nginx configuration nginx-reverse-proxy nginx-upstreams Stiofán 1 asked 3 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 11 views Got 404 error after adding SSL certificate I use Django, Docker-compose to create this project. It worked properly before i started to connect SSL certificate. In every page i get 404 error. Nginx wants to get html file but I can't underctend ... python django nginx docker-compose Inozem 173 asked 3 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 9 views Clarity regarding 2 commands : on_publish vs on_play for nginx rtmp I'm looking to build a media streaming server for video on demand. I'm using the nginx rtmp module for processing & serving media files. The authentication and stream details will be available ... nginx callback nginx-config nginx-rtmp Earthling 121 asked 6 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 12 views Can't fix CORS error when trying to make requests on AWS Fargate task using NGINX reverse proxy - React frontend to Spring Boot backend the CORS error I received: Cross-Origin Request Blocked: The Same Origin Policy disallows reading the remote resource at http://localhost:86/item/all. (Reason: CORS request did not succeed). Status ... amazon-web-services spring-boot nginx aws-fargate Tyler Causey 1 asked 6 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 7 views Configuring NGINX to Retry idempotent Failed Requests on AWS Elastic Beanstalk How can I configure NGINX to retry idempotent failed requests on a Spring Boot app deployed on AWS Elastic Beanstalk running Corretto 11 on 64-bit Amazon Linux 2? If it is impossible to handle this ... java amazon-web-services spring-boot nginx amazon-elastic-beanstalk Denis Kisina 338 asked 11 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 5 views Redirect rule Worpdress Images I am currently using one of the most popular plugins to perform 301 redirects (Redirection) for WordPress, and I need to create a rule that allows me to make a 301 redirect according to the following ... wordpress nginx redirect plugins Gilberto Balza 1 asked 15 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 7 views Reverse Proxy for Firebase Authentification not working - JavaScript Files are blocked I've been playing with my Firebase authentication for two days now and just can't get it to work on iOS. I decided to use a reverse proxy setting based on this article (https://firebase.google.com/... firebase nginx firebase-authentication Daniel 13 asked 17 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 17 views docker-compose nginx returns 404 when path provided I've set up a dockerfile for my angular frontend that looks as follows. FROM node:latest as builder WORKDIR /app COPY . . RUN npm install && npm run ng build FROM nginx:alpine WORKDIR /... angular docker nginx docker-compose yyy-t 5 asked 18 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 13 views Nginx service is not getting removed completely I am using ubuntu 22.04 as the host machine and I am trying to remove nginx completely from the server. I run "sudo apt remove nginx" command but still nginx is shown in systemctl status ... linux ubuntu nginx Akash Saini 1 asked 19 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 11 views Intermittent Dockerfile Issue: Problem executing scripts APT::Update::Post-Invoke This pipeline ran fine a week ago, but without any changes on my side to the dockerfile and the .gitlab-ci.yml, I started experiencing this issue. I have a pipeline running through gitlab and its ... nginx gitlab dockerfile apt-get Alixander Greganti 1 asked 19 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 11 views How to customize `/static/` location for Jupyter Lab on NGINX I have a server (Ubuntu 20) running NGINX for reverse proxy. I have a Django app accessible thru the the https://URL/app location, and it's static content is aliased at /var/www/static-collected. This ... django nginx jupyter-lab AwoeDace 127 asked 21 hours ago 15 30 50 per page 1 2 3 4 5 … 3621 Next The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Related Tags php × 7217 docker × 6005 django × 3795 node.js × 3289 ruby-on-rails × 2542 python × 2474 ssl × 2415 nginx-reverse-proxy × 2175 reverse-proxy × 2077 apache × 1962 kubernetes × 1949 ubuntu × 1844 nginx-config × 1793 docker-compose × 1743 url-rewriting × 1702 wordpress × 1671 gunicorn × 1655 amazon-web-services × 1599 proxy × 1492 laravel × 1421 redirect × 1420 uwsgi × 1385 nginx-location × 1346 linux × 1275 flask × 1219 more related tags Hot Network Questions Can I add a second occupant to a hotel room at check-in? IR LED with transistor If Boris Johnson returns as an MP, would he have to serve the 90-day suspension for lying to Parliament? What parts of a spaceship would still work 100 million years later? Samsung SyncMaster 3 cannot show resolutions up from 800x600 despite manual saying otherwise Plausibility of using orbital mirrors to dig a canyon Up and up they go Why "previously learned knowledge" is a natural phrase in English, although "learn knowledge" is not? Is it too much to create a book cover for a potential book for an interview? What are some monsters or spells that could trap NPCs for a long time without killing them? Do more legislative seats make Gerrymandering harder? Does the epsilon-delta definition of limits truly capture our intuitive understanding of limits? Is there a way to keep the versatile bonus while mounted, like a feat or anything? Resisting a classic Buddhist Argument for Mereological Nihilism Why is rock or metal often cold to the touch but wood or plastic is not? What are Astral Diamonds made of? Martin's magic teapot ImageWriter II occasionally prints hex dumps Buffer accuracy in virtual layer differs from accuracy in PostGIS view How would humans adapt to suddenly gaining new senses? Are the names of lightroots the names of shrines spelled backwards? To what extent (if any) does Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi answer reporters' questions, or at least appear to? Why exchange bishop for knight in this endgame? A particular nonlinear second-order ODE with parameter more hot questions Newest nginx questions feed Subscribe to RSS Newest nginx questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings