Newest 'keycloak' Questions - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Questions tagged [keycloak] Ask Question Keycloak is an integrated single sign-on (SSO) and identity manager (IDM) for browser apps and RESTful web services. It is built on top of JBoss and WildFly, it complies with the OAuth 2.0, Open ID Connect (OIDC), JSON Web Token (JWT) and SAML 2.0 specifications. Learn more… Top users Synonyms 7,201 questions Newest Active Bountied Unanswered More Bountied 0 Unanswered Frequent Score Unanswered (my tags) Filter Filter by No answers No accepted answer Has bounty Sorted by Newest Recent activity Highest score Most frequent Bounty ending soon Tagged with My watched tags The following tags: Apply filter Cancel 0 votes 0 answers 2 views Failed to authorize ReflectiveMethodInvocation decision ExpressionAuthorizationDecision [granted=false, expressionAttribute=hasAuthority('ROLE_PROF')] i want to add Role-based Authentication to my get user API but My implementation is- SecurityConfigs.java public class SecurityConfig { private final JwtAuthConverter jwtAuthConverter; @Bean ... java spring spring-boot spring-security keycloak Nouhaila Khaouti 5 asked 1 min ago 0 votes 0 answers 4 views implement custom keycloak form authenticator? so resently I trying to implement an authentication service using spring boot and keycloak as. IAM tool , my login "get token" functionality could happen by two way, either by phone and ... java keycloak keycloak-spi kikicoder 373 asked 15 mins ago 0 votes 1 answer 11 views Failed to create user in keycloak , User creation response body: {"error":"unkown error."} i'm trying to create new users with spring boot and keycloak, but the creation always fail, the error that i get is "unkown error" this is the keycloak configuration: @Value("${... spring spring-boot keycloak keycloak-rest-api Nouhaila Khaouti 5 asked 2 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 13 views Keycloak v21 scaled out Azure App Service with multiple instances - Issues with infinispan We currently have a Keycloak deployed as an Azure App Service using at least 2 instances (scaled out) in the same App Service. Now we have the infinispan that is configured with the azure cache stack. ... azure keycloak infinispan Thierry Iseli 1 asked 4 hours ago 1 vote 0 answers 9 views How to provide custom expiration for each access token in keycloak? I am developing an application with Keycloak and I would like to generate access tokens with custom lifespans. Is it possible to pass a parameter to the token generation request that specifies the ... jwt keycloak openid-connect access-token identity-management Devesh Meena 51 asked 6 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 11 views Custom attributes for user registration Keycloak I need to add custom fields in the registration of a new user from Keycloak, and I saw from the documentation that this is possible if I enable the User Profile Enabled option, but this option is not ... keycloak Silvandro Oliveira 1 asked 19 hours ago 1 vote 0 answers 78 views How to integrate KeyCloak into simple Spring Boot back-end with Spring Security? I'm currently trying to implement security for a simple Spring Boot Back-End application. For that I intended to use KeyCloak in combination with Spring Security. After trying a dozens of tutorial set-... java spring spring-boot spring-security keycloak J. M. Arnold 6,018 asked 19 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 18 views Keycloak with external Infinispan cache getting login with external IDP We are setting up 3 instances of Keycloak v19.03 with 3 separate VM instances behind a load balancer. The Keycloak instances are wired up to an external Infinispan v14 cache running as a cluster on ... keycloak infinispan antin_102 1 asked 23 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 11 views React native: Cookie authentication - Web View I have a react native app in which I use Web view for authentication from Keycloak and after successful authentication it sets some cookies and I redirect to the react native app screens, then one of ... react-native cookies axios keycloak react-native-web Prashanth Reddy 1 asked yesterday 1 vote 0 answers 14 views Microsoft has blocked the ability to authenticate Azure via Keycloak in the iframe due to a clickjack vulnerability I am encountering an issue with using an iframe to open the Keycloak login screen in my application. However, Microsoft has blocked the ability to authenticate Azure via Keycloak in the iframe due to ... keycloak keycloak-services Palanivelu Rajagopal 49 asked yesterday 0 votes 0 answers 9 views Should I create domain representation of User and Tenant when I use KeyCloak for auth in my app? I develop .NET micro-services app and I use KeyCloak for everything about user/policies/auth etc. I want to improve this part of system and new functionalities will give my Users more responsibilities,... .net authentication keycloak domain-driven-design ddd-repositories siwulczan_csharpu 1 asked yesterday 2 votes 0 answers 21 views Migrations of Keycloak from v16 to v21 doesn't import realms and users We have dockerized Keycloak v16 and now we would like to migrate to a version v21. We uses Postgres database and we have inside this database already created realms and users. When we upgraded to a ... postgresql docker keycloak Marko Zadravec 8,237 asked yesterday 0 votes 0 answers 9 views Keycloak - trying to map nested arrays (returned in the userProfile of the IDP) to a multi-values attribute I am using Keycloak to connect to an external Identity Providers via OIDC. Step 1 : I created standard mappers « Attribute Importer » to retrieve attributes using the claims supported by the IDP. ... java single-sign-on keycloak openid-connect keycloak-connect Mir 1 asked yesterday 0 votes 0 answers 17 views Is there a way to access Microsoft Graph API by using an access token obtained from authenticating a user on Keycloak? On the Keycloak side of things, I have configured an IDP (makes use of OIDC) that makes use of Azure AD. That is, I have created an app on the Azure AD portal, and set an appropriate redirect uri. I'm ... azure-active-directory microsoft-graph-api keycloak access-token Adithya 1 asked yesterday 0 votes 0 answers 10 views Redmine Direct login after Keycloak Integration I have integrated Keycloak with Redmine. Now users can login via Keycloak SSO. But, I have tried to login Redmine direct login using this URL (www.myredminedomain.com/login?local_login=true). The ... plugins single-sign-on keycloak openid redmine Nipun 11 asked yesterday 15 30 50 per page 1 2 3 4 5 … 481 Next The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Related Tags java × 1096 spring-boot × 924 keycloak-services × 584 openid-connect × 574 oauth-2.0 × 462 authentication × 434 keycloak-rest-api × 424 docker × 418 spring × 413 spring-security × 412 single-sign-on × 311 angular × 287 jwt × 252 jboss × 235 kubernetes × 222 wildfly × 214 reactjs × 207 javascript × 198 node.js × 170 authorization × 149 keycloak-connect × 131 nginx × 128 openid × 125 rest × 122 quarkus × 114 more related tags Hot Network Questions Why is loud music much louder after pausing and resuming it? Film about people in a rural area trapped behind a force field Are the names of lightroots the names of shrines spelled backwards? Did Andrew Tate claim his job was to seduce women and get them on a webcam? Are passengers required to obey pilots' commands? What does it mean to have two colors in the fill section? How do you read "10/10"? Buffer accuracy in virtual layer differs from accuracy in PostGIS view What characterizes a future-proof ebike drive system? Trailer spare tire mount: U-bolt threads too long for lug wrench Why didn't Gandalf identify the troll's swords? How did ZX Spectrum games loaders prevent the use of MERGE? Martin's magic teapot ImageWriter II occasionally prints hex dumps Does one need to buy tickets in advance for Deutsche Bahn train? Plausibility of using orbital mirrors to dig a canyon Hiking Circuits Why are the ground floors windows of northern Italian palazzi often barred up? Is my employer allowed to make me work without pay? Why is auto keyword useful for compiler-writers in C? Compare new txt file with old txt file and remove all data that matches Resisting a classic Buddhist Argument for Mereological Nihilism Is humor unacceptable in referee reports? Does the epsilon-delta definition of limits truly capture our intuitive understanding of limits? more hot questions Newest keycloak questions feed Subscribe to RSS Newest keycloak questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings