Newest 'keycloak-spi' Questions - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Questions tagged [keycloak-spi] Ask Question The keycloak-spi tag has no usage guidance. Learn more… Top users Synonyms 25 questions Newest Active Bountied Unanswered More Bountied 0 Unanswered Frequent Score Unanswered (my tags) Filter Filter by No answers No accepted answer Has bounty Sorted by Newest Recent activity Highest score Most frequent Bounty ending soon Tagged with My watched tags The following tags: Apply filter Cancel 0 votes 0 answers 4 views implement custom keycloak form authenticator? so resently I trying to implement an authentication service using spring boot and keycloak as. IAM tool , my login "get token" functionality could happen by two way, either by phone and ... java keycloak keycloak-spi kikicoder 373 asked 15 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 16 views Keycloak extension not getting added I have created one keycloak extension to add some validation and required customization in registration form flow of keycloak. It also worked incase of validation I think. But not even showing its log ... java keycloak keycloak-services keycloak-spi Nandani Narola 1 asked Jun 20 at 6:11 0 votes 0 answers 82 views Keycloak custom identity provider configuration page In older versions of Keycloak (<= 19.0.3) it was possible to create your own HTML templates for custom identity providers by packaging them under theme-resources/resources/partials and providing ... keycloak keycloak-services keycloak-spi lazyneuron 507 asked May 5 at 11:51 0 votes 1 answer 92 views Is there a way to set RequestBody when sending http request using SimpleHttp (org.keycloak.broker.provider.util.SimpleHttp)? My question is : Is there a way to set RequestBody when sending http request using SimpleHttp (org.keycloak.broker.provider.util.SimpleHttp)? Why I am using SimpleHttp? I am writing a custom service ... java keycloak quarkus rest-client keycloak-spi Abdulraqeeb M. 319 asked Mar 22 at 14:54 1 vote 0 answers 172 views Force login after password reset in Keycloak 18.0.2 I am using Keyclaok 18.0.2 and when a user clicks on "Forgot Password?" it receives an email for the password update. The problem is that after the new password is created, the user is ... java keycloak keycloak-spi Nikola Yankov 11 asked Mar 21 at 16:06 0 votes 0 answers 136 views Customize Keycloak to send notification emails to admin when a new user is registered I want to implement some custom actions in keycloak. My requirements are when a user register with the application, he needs to verify his email address. Once the email address is verified, he can ... keycloak keycloak-spi Channa 1,025 asked Mar 20 at 7:20 0 votes 0 answers 31 views In Keycloak Bearer Token, how to insert custom scopes, using SPI I have my RBAC where, I have defined user v/s its roles/ scopes, now wanted to insert those to BeareToken scope field. What would be the approach? Will it be possible through Keycloak SPI? keycloak keycloak-services keycloak-rest-api keycloak-gatekeeper keycloak-spi animeshmalhotra2023 1 asked Mar 14 at 12:18 0 votes 0 answers 58 views Keycloak add user from custom user provider I'm creating a custom user storage using the User storage SPI My problem here is that that addUser function is not called. When i try to add a user, the function getUserByNickName is directly called ... java keycloak keycloak-spi MrDeliK 21 asked Feb 16 at 9:20 1 vote 1 answer 436 views How to configure KeyCloak with External User Provider so that it does not immediately call getUserByUsername method after addUser method We are using KeyCloak for Identity and Access Management for our website. I have also implemented the UserStorageProvider interface for authenticating the user from an external user provider. Now, I ... java keycloak openid-connect custom-authentication keycloak-spi Awais Memon 56 asked Feb 6 at 12:06 1 vote 1 answer 477 views How to programmatically create keycloak user session from SPI? I need to get access/refresh pair (or at least access) tokens from a custom REST endpoint. So in general I need programmatically create a user session from SPI by user ID(without a user password) ... authorization keycloak idp keycloak-spi M.Surnyk 33 asked Jan 30 at 14:59 0 votes 0 answers 75 views Keycloak: have an Authenticator SPI "execution" available for clients flow I implemented a custom Authenticator to restrict login above a given number of existing sessions. This Authenticator implementation doesn't use any user interaction nor require any model change. ... keycloak keycloak-spi keycloak-authenticator user1767316 3,231 asked Jan 24 at 8:26 0 votes 1 answer 172 views How to retrieve the list of online and offline sessions attached to a user using Keycloak's SPI EventListenerProvider onEvent(Event event) In the aim to implement a synchronous per user/per group max sessions limitation, I do manage to retrieve login events using EventListenerProvider keycloak SPI as described here But from the user I ... session keycloak keycloak-services keycloak-spi user1767316 3,231 asked Jan 12 at 16:48 0 votes 0 answers 170 views Duplcated of How to access the original case sensitive username input in custom user storage provider of keycloak? I developed a service provider interface (SPI) for User Federation in keycloak. When I try to login with an existing case sensitive user, keycloak converts it to lower case, so at the end, the sent ... authentication keycloak lowercase keycloak-spi Alex Sepulveda 1 asked Dec 28, 2022 at 18:01 0 votes 0 answers 48 views SPI User Federation, imports package in more than one library I'm trying to make an SPI user federation in keycloak 19.0.3. The provider implements UserStorageProvider, UserLookupProvider and CredentialInputValidator. The factory implements ... keycloak keycloak-spi Cisco 1 asked Nov 3, 2022 at 14:41 1 vote 2 answers 1k views KEYCLOAK: OTP using a custom user storage SPI Good day, I was wondering if any anyone has information on how to implement 2fa using OTP in keycloak with a custom user storage SPI. I already have an extension for my SQL Server database, and I can ... keycloak storage one-time-password keycloak-spi RedArcCoder 81 asked Sep 2, 2021 at 22:58 15 30 50 per page 1 2 Next The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Related Tags keycloak × 25 java × 10 keycloak-services × 4 openid-connect × 2 external-data-source × 1 idp × 1 keycloak-gatekeeper × 1 quarkus × 1 keycloak-rest-api × 1 keycloak-authenticator × 1 security × 1 openid × 1 authentication × 1 session × 1 storage × 1 authorization × 1 timeout × 1 transactions × 1 roles × 1 oauth × 1 lowercase × 1 token × 1 event-listener × 1 one-time-password × 1 user-roles × 1 more related tags Hot Network Questions Why is the use of enemy flags, insignia, uniforms and emblems forbidden in international humanitarian law? Does rebooting a phone daily increase your phone's security? Is there evidence of a pagan temple on the site of the Jewish Temple in Jerusalem that predated the Jewish Temple? How to compare loan interest rate to savings account interest rate? Does 'see a [person] [verb]-ing' necessitate seeing both the person and their action? C23 Vector Macro Implementation Short poem about a teleportation accident What academic evidence is there of the pronunciation of gn as ɲn in Vulgar Latin? Is it too much to create a book cover for a potential book for an interview? How to write time signatures in emails and texts What minimum versions of operating systems and browsers are compatible with Google-managed SSL certificates? Why is rock or metal often cold to the touch but wood or plastic is not? How did ZX Spectrum games loaders prevent the use of MERGE? Why exchange bishop for knight in this endgame? A particular nonlinear second-order ODE with parameter What telescope is Polish astronomer Kazimierz Kordylewski holding in this April 1964 photo at the Jagiellonian University Observatory in Krakow? Determining four rational numbers, given their pairwise sums Is my employer allowed to make me work without pay? Are there countries where vehicles involved in an accident must move if they're blocking the flow of traffic? Reasoning about CwFs in a proof assistant Does one need to buy tickets in advance for Deutsche Bahn train? Compare new txt file with old txt file and remove all data that matches How does population size impact the precision of the results Why didn't Gandalf identify the troll's swords? more hot questions Newest keycloak-spi questions feed Subscribe to RSS Newest keycloak-spi questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings