Newest 'entity-framework' Questions - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Questions tagged [entity-framework] Ask Question Entity Framework is a LINQ-based object-database mapper for .NET. It supports change tracking, updates, and schema migrations for many databases. Please add a version-specific tag as well. Learn more… Top users Synonyms (6) 91,262 questions Newest Active Bountied Unanswered More Bountied 0 Unanswered Frequent Score Unanswered (my tags) Filter Filter by No answers No accepted answer Has bounty Sorted by Newest Recent activity Highest score Most frequent Bounty ending soon Tagged with My watched tags The following tags: Apply filter Cancel 0 votes 0 answers 5 views Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.DbContext.SaveChanges() - An error occurred while saving the entity changes. See the inner exception for details I'm running into a serious issue with my .NET console application. The application parses JSONs and fills Model's properties with the parsed data. That part works. However, the other part, where it ... entity-framework .net-core rubber_duck 1 asked 15 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 4 views mySQL with EF causing MySqlConnection is already in use error public IActionResult ListUsers() { try { var users = _userManager.Users.Select(i => new UsersViewModel() { FirstName = i.FirstName, ... mysql entity-framework Devora 357 asked 6 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 39 views Getting "bad request" in .NET 6 while using the same method signature and call from .NET 5 I have the following method for editing database objects in my controller class [HttpPut] [Route("PutDelete/{UserLogin}")] public async Task<bool> PutDelete(List<View> viewlist, ... c# entity-framework asp.net-core Comfortable_Onion 1 asked 17 hours ago -3 votes 1 answer 31 views Generic Repository using EF I'm trying to build generic repository which I will use to get data with or without includes, add data, update data, delete data. I searched a bunch of websites, but still nothing to match my requests.... c# .net entity-framework design-patterns repository-pattern sandro revazishvili 1 asked 17 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 21 views Injecting custom services in DbContext We have some small "providers" for some basic functionality we want to be able to mock, such as a IDateTimeProvider. public interface IDateTimeProvider { DateTime UtcNow { get; } } ... c# entity-framework SvenL 729 asked 21 hours ago 1 vote 1 answer 40 views EF Core 7 - Adding a new object but the ID value has a temporary value Upgrading from EF 6 to EF Core 7 and I can't figure this out. On our client we assign new id values to objects which are lower then zero. When we map the objects up to EF6, it realises its a new ... c# .net entity-framework entity-framework-core Gillardo 9,448 asked 21 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 7 views no tables are added to database when using code first approach in Entity Framework 6 I have a need to add 2 tables to an exsisting database using Entity Framework 6. I have created the classes/tables in code, added DBSets in a new custom DBContext file, added a configuration and then ... entity-framework MTplus 2,017 asked yesterday 2 votes 2 answers 29 views EF searching by fields from dynamic table I have 3 tables that share common fields class T1:IHasUserID { public string Id {get;set;} public string UserId {get;set;} //other properties } class T2:IHasUserID { public string Id {... c# entity-framework Icen 431 asked yesterday 0 votes 2 answers 35 views Mapping return types when calling Stored Procedures from Entity Framework 7 I have basic tables mapped using EF 7 and this is working well. Now I want to call a stored procedure and return a list of a customised model. This model consists of data extracted from several tables.... c# entity-framework .net-7.0 Cubic8 11 asked yesterday 1 vote 1 answer 33 views Parameterizing ThenInclude() in Entity Framework I've created a way to set up my EF queries to take what gets Include() via passing a parameter. public static class AppUserExtensions { public static IQueryable<AppUser> FindById(this ... c# entity-framework generics entity-framework-core David Thielen 28.1k asked yesterday 0 votes 0 answers 23 views "Cannot access a disposed context instance" with PooledDbContextFactory I keep getting the error, and i can not figure out why as i have double verified my awaits are correct and that i am using the using parmeter. Cannot access a disposed context instance. A common cause ... c# entity-framework asp.net-web-api Androme 2,392 asked yesterday 0 votes 0 answers 20 views The instance of entity type cannot be tracked because another instance with the same key value for { 'ID'} is already being tracked Good night, How are you? I am developing an app which includes entity framework in .NET 7, I have the following problem: I have the Voucher entity, which has a list of VouchersDetails, to which if I ... c# .net entity-framework Alejo Moya 19 asked yesterday 0 votes 0 answers 24 views Deleting multiple entries with Entity Framework I have a test: [Test, Order(1)] public async Task routes() { var allRoutes = _context.Routes.Where(r => r.Distance == 9999).ToList(); Assert.IsNotEmpty(allRoutes); } which passes but: [... c# postgresql entity-framework unit-testing nunit alobre 85 asked yesterday 0 votes 1 answer 36 views Entity with List in Select statement Beginning to think the below is not possible due to errors and lack of supporting evidence in logic but wanted to confirm. We're using LINQ to build an entity SQL statement but need to use a List in ... c# .net entity-framework Ringo64 13 asked yesterday 0 votes 0 answers 5 views How to update one of the column of database column data type from varbinary to varchar and update the entity as well DBFirst approach? database is already existing. I have started working on some crud operations using entity framework. No I want to change one of the cloumn data type from varbinary to varchar in db and similarly ... database entity-framework model-view-controller xoxo 1,238 asked yesterday 15 30 50 per page 1 2 3 4 5 … 6085 Next The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Related Tags c# × 54585 asp.net-mvc × 13421 linq × 12817 .net × 9562 asp.net × 8377 sql-server × 7242 ef-code-first × 5617 entity-framework-6 × 4865 entity-framework-core × 4616 sql × 4538 asp.net-core × 3184 linq-to-entities × 3068 entity-framework-4 × 2648 asp.net-mvc-4 × 2287 database × 1928 entity-framework-migrations × 1888 .net-core × 1887 mysql × 1785 asp.net-mvc-3 × 1720 entity-framework-5 × 1665 code-first × 1608 asp.net-web-api × 1582 wpf × 1519 dbcontext × 1414 linq-to-sql × 1147 more related tags Hot Network Questions Unclear usages of の Does one need to buy tickets in advance for Deutsche Bahn train? Why are the ground floors windows of northern Italian palazzi often barred up? Safe to remove plastic chainring cover? Electrical - Ground used a Neutral IR LED with transistor How does "thou" equal "oneg"? Best practice to label thumb scoopers/dishers LED reverse voltage rating What is causing the pilot light to go out with a loud clunk? 16 month old wants to co sleep, won’t sleep alone How to compare loan interest rate to savings account interest rate? Resisting a classic Buddhist Argument for Mereological Nihilism Plausibility of using orbital mirrors to dig a canyon Can I add a second occupant to a hotel room at check-in? Why can't NSolve solve for the obvious zeros? Junior professorships (W1) in Germany - does the 6 year limit before start apply to all states? Do more legislative seats make Gerrymandering harder? Why are Search & Rescue aircraft looking for the OceanGate Titan submarine not visible on ADS-B Exchange? Are there countries where vehicles involved in an accident must move if they're blocking the flow of traffic? If Boris Johnson returns as an MP, would he have to serve the 90-day suspension for lying to Parliament? How do you read "10/10"? C23 Vector Macro Implementation Is there a way to keep the versatile bonus while mounted, like a feat or anything? more hot questions Newest entity-framework questions feed Subscribe to RSS Newest entity-framework questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings