Newest '.net-core' Questions - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Questions tagged [.net-core] Ask Question .NET Core is an open-source successor of the .NET Framework. It can be used in a wide variety of applications and verticals, ranging from servers and data centers to apps and devices. .NET Core is supported by Microsoft on Windows, Linux and macOS. Learn more… Top users Synonyms (2) 43,380 questions Newest Active Bountied 1 Unanswered More Bountied 1 Unanswered Frequent Score Unanswered (my tags) Filter Filter by No answers No accepted answer Has bounty Sorted by Newest Recent activity Highest score Most frequent Bounty ending soon Tagged with My watched tags The following tags: Apply filter Cancel 0 votes 0 answers 5 views Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.DbContext.SaveChanges() - An error occurred while saving the entity changes. See the inner exception for details I'm running into a serious issue with my .NET console application. The application parses JSONs and fills Model's properties with the parsed data. That part works. However, the other part, where it ... entity-framework .net-core rubber_duck 1 asked 15 mins ago 0 votes 1 answer 7 views Updating Appreg in Azure with MsGraph API Using C# Dotnet 7 code that calls GraphAPI v5.x, I create a new AppReg in Azure with the necessary information, and this works perfectly. I then try to add a ClientSecret to my new AppReg using the ... .net-core microsoft-graph-api azure-app-registration Mlo 11 asked 53 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 4 views Error 500 on log out? saml2 itfoxtec-identity-saml2, Okta_SAML_Example I am testing a project Okta_SAML_Example by nickgamb here: https://github.com/nickgamb/Okta_SAML_Example/tree/master/Pages I know that it is using the ITfoxtec Identity SAML 2.0 package to implement ... .net-core saml itfoxtec-identity-saml2 Tongshen Yong 1 asked 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 5 views Error path null in .NET Core webapp with FMData (DI) when used in ElectronNet - electronize I have an C# .NET Core 6 webapp with FMData nuget package that works fine if launched in IIS. However if I try to "Electronize" it the app does not work (white screen). Removing FMData DI ... c# .net-core dependency-injection electron.net Roman Dulak 51 asked 2 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 20 views Making method as generic causes error: The type 'T' cannot be used as type parameter 'T' in the generic type or method I created a method GetArticlePriceDefinedInErpPricePolicyAsync, previously I had 4 versions of this method which was not good for maintance, one change caused editing 4 methods which were actually ... c# .net generics .net-core Roxy'Pro 4,186 asked 2 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 18 views The ConnectionString property has not been initialized. while running Database-Update Command I am getting this error while running the "Update-Database" command in Package Manager Console. I am working on a project with Three Tier Structure. In which i have Three Projects other than ... api .net-core entity-framework-core connection-string entity-framework-migrations Rashid Ali 11 asked 3 hours ago -2 votes 0 answers 20 views How to connect appsettings.json with IConfiguration on worker service c# I was creating a background service and I keep the database connection sentence on the appsettings.json file, which I need to access through program.cs. I am using .Net 6 version. How can I access it ... c# .net-core blazor .net-6.0 asp.net-core-6.0 Berat 27 asked 4 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 22 views GitLab Code Quality job throws 'dotnet not found' I'm trying to perform Code Quality test using GitLab CQ tool applying to my .NET 7 project. I'm a quite new it this, so, firstly I added default trigger to my .gitlab-ci.yml for getting this job ... c# .net-core gitlab-ci code-analysis anatol 1,640 asked 5 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 39 views Can C# look at return type to determine if a member method is unique or not? I have two methods where the only difference is the return type but the C# compiler does not like this. C# seems only capable of seeing if the input parameters are different when determining if a ... c# .net-core Bill 869 asked 11 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 12 views Ubuntu 22 cannot find .NET Core When I run dotnet build, I get You must install or update .NET to run this application. App: /usr/share/dotnet/sdk/7.0.305/dotnet.dll Architecture: x64 Framework: 'Microsoft.NETCore.App', version '7.... .net .net-core Matt 25.8k asked 11 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 14 views 2393 MQRC_SSL_INITIALIZATION_ERROR After migrating from amqmdnet.dll to amqmdnetstd.dll I am attempting to update my IBM MQ application running on .NET from the amqmdnet.dll to the amqmdnetstd.dll from the nuget package "IBMMQDotnetClient". After making the update, I receive ... .net-core ibm-mq Taylor_31 1 asked 12 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 29 views EF Core table naming for entities exposed as collection navigation properties I'm on EF Core 7. Given the following models: public class Project { public int Id { get; set; } public List<Issue> Issues { get; set; } = new(); } public class Issue { public ... c# .net-core entity-framework-core DENVERCODER9 1 asked 13 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 6 views How can I uncover why my .Net Core app is using so much unmanaged memory? I'm using .Net Core (6) on linux and wondering why it uses so much memory. I know the nominal amount of objects on the heap is tiny, in comparison to the process working set (we're talking 10 MB vs 1 ... linux .net-core memory Tim Lovell-Smith 15k asked 14 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 26 views Cannot convert type 'System.Reflection.PropertyInfo' to 'bool' I am initializing a class at runtime using Activator.CreateInstance. How do I loop through all the properties of the class that is initialized? I get a compile-time error 'Cannot convert type 'System.... c# .net .net-core system.reflection activator Max 510 asked 17 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 15 views .NET cannot see installed SDK I've been working on a C# script recently, and out of the blue I get this error every time I try to run a dotnet command: zaphod@eddie:~$ dotnet list-sdks You must install or update .NET to run this ... c# .net-core Carbon_Based 11 asked 17 hours ago 15 30 50 per page 1 2 3 4 5 … 2892 Next The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Related Tags c# × 24138 asp.net-core × 8561 .net × 6984 entity-framework-core × 3074 entity-framework × 1887 asp.net × 1838 docker × 1487 azure × 1414 asp.net-core-mvc × 1358 asp.net-core-webapi × 1353 visual-studio × 1177 dependency-injection × 1129 asp.net-mvc × 1041 nuget × 811 angular × 801 linux × 783 linq × 683 json × 661 sql-server × 646 blazor × 631 azure-functions × 571 asp.net-web-api × 564 iis × 532 wpf × 511 msbuild × 507 more related tags Hot Network Questions Looking for a switch or circuit that resets when power is lost in a 12V application? Multiple alignments of different equation types in math mode Short story involving a future in which janitors run the world Does 'see a [person] [verb]-ing' necessitate seeing both the person and their action? LED reverse voltage rating Plausibility of using orbital mirrors to dig a canyon Are the names of lightroots the names of shrines spelled backwards? Favorite Economics Podcast? How would humans adapt to suddenly gaining new senses? Did Andrew Tate claim his job was to seduce women and get them on a webcam? Unclear usages of の Why are Search & Rescue aircraft looking for the OceanGate Titan submarine not visible on ADS-B Exchange? Why does NIST SP 800-90C RBG3 construction require XOR or reseeding a DRBG with a physical entropy source to produce full entropy? Why are sometimes the brightest star of a constellation not named alpha? What characterizes a future-proof ebike drive system? Is humor unacceptable in referee reports? Problems in NP with non-trivial certificate Does there exist a field where all even degree equations have solutions but not all odd degree equations? Is this Order of Scribes wizard combo with the Elemental Bane and Faithful Hound spells a legal exploit? Magnetic field changes induced by vibrating electric guitar string Is it too much to create a book cover for a potential book for an interview? Vertices of a regular dodecahedron Does rebooting a phone daily increase your phone's security? Samsung SyncMaster 3 cannot show resolutions up from 800x600 despite manual saying otherwise more hot questions Newest .net-core questions feed Subscribe to RSS Newest .net-core questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings