r - preventing easycsv::fread_zip from saving extracted files - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Collectives™ on Stack Overflow – Centralized & trusted content around the technologies you use the most. Learn more about Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams preventing easycsv::fread_zip from saving extracted files Ask Question Asked today Modified today Viewed 4 times Part of R Language Collective 0 I want to load (many) .zip files, each containing (many) txt files. I understand that one simple way is to use easycsv::fread_zip (or easycsv::fread_folder for multiple zip files). This seems to work but has the undesirable property of automatically saving all the extracted files in my R project root directory, which seems to be an undocumented feature of those functions (unless I missed it!). Is there a way to prevent this? Or is there an alternative to easycsv::fread_zip? thanks So for example require(easycsv)
  filezip <- system.file("exampleZips", "example_tables.zip", package="easycsv")
  fread_zip(filezip)

  fread_zip(filezip, extension = "CSV")
 creates these files in my R project root directory r unzip fread Share Follow asked 15 mins ago GinoGino 1111 bronze badge Add a comment | Related questions 822 Unzipping files in Python 1 Using unzip() in R: how to deal with duplicate file names? 2 Apply function that downloads zip files and deletes specific files Related questions 822 Unzipping files in Python 1 Using unzip() in R: how to deal with duplicate file names? 2 Apply function that downloads zip files and deletes specific files 2 How to check if zip or rar file contains 1 or more files? 0 Unzipping with python's ZipFile lib give a strange result 266 Unzip files programmatically in .net 640 Run R script from command line 289 Unzip All Files In A Directory 1 Convert many .pdf files to .txt files using the new Tesseract OCR engine in R Load 6 more related questions Show fewer related questions 0 Sorted by: Reset to default Highest score (default) Trending (recent votes count more) Date modified (newest first) Date created (oldest first) Know someone who can answer? Share a link to this question via email, Twitter, or Facebook. Your Answer Thanks for contributing an answer to Stack Overflow! Please be sure to answer the question. Provide details and share your research! But avoid … Asking for help, clarification, or responding to other answers. Making statements based on opinion; back them up with references or personal experience. To learn more, see our tips on writing great answers. Draft saved Draft discarded Sign up or log in Sign up using Google Sign up using Facebook Sign up using Email and Password Submit Post as a guest Name Email Required, but never shown Post as a guest Name Email Required, but never shown Post Your Answer Discard By clicking “Post Your Answer”, you agree to our terms of service and acknowledge that you have read and understand our privacy policy and code of conduct. Browse other questions tagged r unzip fread or ask your own question. R Language Collective See more This question is in a collective: a subcommunity defined by tags with relevant content and experts. The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Hot Network Questions Samsung SyncMaster 3 cannot show resolutions up from 800x600 despite manual saying otherwise Line of Best Fit with or Without Constant Term Can I add a second occupant to a hotel room at check-in? Reasoning about CwFs in a proof assistant How does "thou" equal "oneg"? How to bevel curved objects with many sharp turns? Combine 1,3,3,7 to get 10 Does 'see a [person] [verb]-ing' necessitate seeing both the person and their action? A particular nonlinear second-order ODE with parameter What minimum versions of operating systems and browsers are compatible with Google-managed SSL certificates? How to write time signatures in emails and texts Why "previously learned knowledge" is a natural phrase in English, although "learn knowledge" is not? Why is rock or metal often cold to the touch but wood or plastic is not? What academic evidence is there of the pronunciation of gn as ɲn in Vulgar Latin? Does there exist a field where all even degree equations have solutions but not all odd degree equations? Buffer accuracy in virtual layer differs from accuracy in PostGIS view Is the full GPS constellation a Walker Delta constellation? Trailer spare tire mount: U-bolt threads too long for lug wrench What characterizes a future-proof ebike drive system? Are passengers required to obey pilots' commands? Why are Search & Rescue aircraft looking for the OceanGate Titan submarine not visible on ADS-B Exchange? Is it possible to fill the second column with something automatically? Safe to remove plastic chainring cover? Why is the use of enemy flags, insignia, uniforms and emblems forbidden in international humanitarian law? more hot questions Question feed Subscribe to RSS Question feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. lang-r Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings