Newest 'unzip' Questions - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Questions tagged [unzip] Ask Question Unzipping is uncompressing ZIP archives, the opposite of zipping. Learn more… Top users Synonyms 2,026 questions Newest Active Bountied Unanswered More Bountied 0 Unanswered Frequent Score Unanswered (my tags) Filter Filter by No answers No accepted answer Has bounty Sorted by Newest Recent activity Highest score Most frequent Bounty ending soon Tagged with My watched tags The following tags: Apply filter Cancel 0 votes 0 answers 4 views preventing easycsv::fread_zip from saving extracted files I want to load (many) .zip files, each containing (many) txt files. I understand that one simple way is to use easycsv::fread_zip (or easycsv::fread_folder for multiple zip files). This seems to work ... r unzip fread Gino 11 asked 15 mins ago -1 votes 0 answers 48 views Errors while extracting files from zip in win server This code searches for zip files by name and extracts them into a specific path. When I run it on my desktop everything is fine, but when I try to run it on a windows server it crashes with errors ... python scripting unzip Kama79 1 asked Jun 19 at 22:13 0 votes 0 answers 18 views zip files in zip file missing when unzip it in linux I have a virtualbox hosted on win10, guest operate system is ubuntu22.04. I fond share folder from win10 do not extract zip files in zip file. Say a zip file (a.zip) which contains another zip content ... linux zip virtualbox unzip lucky1928 8,555 asked Jun 19 at 3:07 0 votes 0 answers 20 views ZIPX Support in AWS S3 / Lambda We currently use a lambda function to move files (csv, zip or gzip) that are landed into an S3 bucket connected to an sFTP to another S3 bucket for loading into snowflake. Some of the files we receive ... python amazon-web-services amazon-s3 aws-lambda unzip Neil Copeland 11 asked Jun 18 at 19:46 0 votes 0 answers 21 views Universally getting files from a source-Path that can be either a zip or a folder? This is a bit of a tricky problem! Given the following code, how would you implement a universal way of fetching files? from pathlib import Path import re import zipfile as zip def check_if_zip(path: ... python python-3.x file zip unzip Mitch McMabers 3,360 asked Jun 16 at 2:37 -2 votes 0 answers 64 views Is ZipInputStream not reliable? I have the following functions which takes a path with a downloaded zip file from a provider and extract the XML file which is in it. The zip file can go from a 100KB to 7GB. Using Java 17. private ... java kotlin unzip fileinputstream zipinputstream oskll 43 asked Jun 12 at 8:51 0 votes 1 answer 35 views Python - run Bash command and specify response I have a folder that contains zip files. I want to be able to unzip them, and specify "A[ll]" when asked "replace file.diz". My current code is: import os import subprocess os.... python bash unzip ktb 25 asked Jun 9 at 15:06 0 votes 1 answer 36 views Unzip specific file from inputstream into another inputstream with same file name and type in java I have an inputstream that contains a zip file, I need to extract a specific file from this zip file, and put the extracted file in an inputstream, with extracted file type and name. Example: zip file ... java memory inputstream unzip Rami Khal 21 asked Jun 8 at 13:16 0 votes 1 answer 20 views Concatenate a csv file in archive I stumble with a problem. I need to read a .csv table in an archive without extracting it. When I try to do that, I face metadata bits in the beginning of the file. ➜ dir ls people-10000.tar.gz ➜ ... linux csv unzip zcat Artem Novak 1 asked Jun 7 at 15:51 -2 votes 1 answer 52 views How to use Unzip command to pipe with a command that requires folder as input I am trying to use pipe for a process. My main input is in ".zip" format. I am using unzip to extract the files and I want to use the output directly to other command but my second command ... bash pipe unzip hkarakurt8743 1 asked Jun 6 at 10:40 0 votes 1 answer 42 views Data conversion to DTO's dynamically from the JSON File which is part of a zipped File(Request Param) I am trying to upload a zipfile and load the json data from json file which is in the zipFile to respective DTO's. upload part (following annotations are referred to spring boot annotation): @... java json file import unzip hemanth reddy m 11 asked Jun 5 at 8:37 0 votes 0 answers 32 views cannot find zipfile directory in Google Colab I uploaded my zip file completely and then ran the following command: !unzip -qq Train.zip I get this error: [Train.zip] End-of-central-directory signature not found. Either this file is not a ... google-colaboratory unzip python-zipfile Rashida 401 asked Jun 2 at 2:46 2 votes 1 answer 56 views Cannot unzip a file from gdrive i am trying to unzip a folder in a gdrive folder. I tried with different folders. Original one gets downloaded from my gmail and contains an xlsx file, and then also tried with a folder with jpg in it ... google-apps-script unzip Pelin 127 asked May 25 at 18:57 0 votes 0 answers 63 views Unzip binary column from table in Power Query (with M code function) I am looking for a method to open/read a ZIP binary column in Power Query for information, like the Date or Size of the corresponding file. I am connecting myself to Sharepoint with: = SharePoint.... excel powerbi zip powerquery unzip MmVv 561 asked May 25 at 11:57 -1 votes 0 answers 26 views I keep gaining this error about unzipping a file in my program I made a code, but I gain this error from this code, how can I fix this? import os import zipfile local_zip = '/content/cats_and_dogs_filtered.zip' zip_ref = zipfile.ZipFile(local_zip, 'r') zip_ref.... python zip syntax-error unzip Lem124 1 asked May 23 at 14:52 15 30 50 per page 1 2 3 4 5 … 136 Next The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Related Tags zip × 658 java × 249 python × 204 php × 161 android × 141 linux × 122 c# × 121 bash × 110 r × 100 node.js × 95 javascript × 82 compression × 69 ios × 63 gzip × 60 powershell × 59 shell × 58 file × 57 7zip × 56 windows × 54 extract × 54 ziparchive × 41 batch-file × 39 objective-c × 37 python-3.x × 36 c++ × 35 more related tags Hot Network Questions How to bevel curved objects with many sharp turns? C23 Vector Macro Implementation Does the epsilon-delta definition of limits truly capture our intuitive understanding of limits? Short poem about a teleportation accident Why can't NSolve solve for the obvious zeros? Perfect quotients of braid groups How did ZX Spectrum games loaders prevent the use of MERGE? Vertices of a regular dodecahedron Reasoning about CwFs in a proof assistant Up and up they go What parts of a spaceship would still work 100 million years later? Best practice to label thumb scoopers/dishers How does "thou" equal "oneg"? Compare new txt file with old txt file and remove all data that matches Why are sometimes the brightest star of a constellation not named alpha? Junior professorships (W1) in Germany - does the 6 year limit before start apply to all states? Plausibility of using orbital mirrors to dig a canyon Short story involving a future in which janitors run the world Martin's magic teapot Why didn't Gandalf identify the troll's swords? Is this Order of Scribes wizard combo with the Elemental Bane and Faithful Hound spells a legal exploit? What characterizes a future-proof ebike drive system? What do I do with a desk whose varnish has worn away, and doesn't allow my mouse to work smoothly? Safe to remove plastic chainring cover? more hot questions Newest unzip questions feed Subscribe to RSS Newest unzip questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings