Which relationship in Entity-Relationship (ER) models is equivalent to aggregation in UML? - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Which relationship in Entity-Relationship (ER) models is equivalent to aggregation in UML? Ask Question Asked today Modified today Viewed 3 times 0 I'm very puzzled about how to express the concept of 'aggregation' from UML in Entity-Relationship (ER) models. Although the Extended ER (EER) model provides the concept of aggregation, it seems to primarily describe the 'relationship between relationships', which is different from the 'whole-part' aggregation in UML. On the other hand, while UML's aggregation expresses a whole-part relationship, which makes it similar to the one-to-many relationship in ER, the 'part' in a UML aggregation relationship can belong to multiple 'wholes'. This makes the relationship seem more like a many-to-many relationship. So, how should I express the concept of aggregation from UML, with ER model? uml aggregation entity-relationship modeling Share Follow asked 15 mins ago grey beargrey bear 3577 bronze badges Add a comment | Related questions 1 Trouble with Composition and Aggregation relationships UML 0 Can this relationship be modelled in UML? 0 How to express counter type entity with UML? Related questions 1 Trouble with Composition and Aggregation relationships UML 0 Can this relationship be modelled in UML? 0 How to express counter type entity with UML? 436 How to generate an entity-relationship (ER) diagram using Oracle SQL Developer 0 UML Relationship Modelling 0 Generating the otherEntityField From Modelio using jhipster-uml on a one-to-many relationship 3 UML - association or aggregation relationship? 1 Java and UML: Relationship between a LinkedList class and an Iterator Interface 2 What is the difference between UML Data profile and ER model? 6 UML Notation - Aggregations/Compositions vs "Vanilla" Associations Load 7 more related questions Show fewer related questions 0 Sorted by: Reset to default Highest score (default) Trending (recent votes count more) Date modified (newest first) Date created (oldest first) Know someone who can answer? Share a link to this question via email, Twitter, or Facebook. Your Answer Thanks for contributing an answer to Stack Overflow! Please be sure to answer the question. Provide details and share your research! But avoid … Asking for help, clarification, or responding to other answers. Making statements based on opinion; back them up with references or personal experience. To learn more, see our tips on writing great answers. Draft saved Draft discarded Sign up or log in Sign up using Google Sign up using Facebook Sign up using Email and Password Submit Post as a guest Name Email Required, but never shown Post as a guest Name Email Required, but never shown Post Your Answer Discard By clicking “Post Your Answer”, you agree to our terms of service and acknowledge that you have read and understand our privacy policy and code of conduct. Browse other questions tagged uml aggregation entity-relationship modeling or ask your own question. The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Hot Network Questions How to bevel curved objects with many sharp turns? Why didn't Gandalf identify the troll's swords? What minimum versions of operating systems and browsers are compatible with Google-managed SSL certificates? To what extent (if any) does Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi answer reporters' questions, or at least appear to? Word for the collectively leadership and important roles in a society Problems in NP with non-trivial certificate Proving the Replica Trick works Why are Search & Rescue aircraft looking for the OceanGate Titan submarine not visible on ADS-B Exchange? What are Astral Diamonds made of? How to deal with an enthusiastic new player who's interrupting others? aka, How to gently teach "improv etiquette"? Does rebooting a phone daily increase your phone's security? Buffer accuracy in virtual layer differs from accuracy in PostGIS view Why is auto keyword useful for compiler-writers in C? What characterizes a future-proof ebike drive system? How to compare loan interest rate to savings account interest rate? What's the oldest story where someone teleports into a solid or liquid? How does population size impact the precision of the results Did Andrew Tate claim his job was to seduce women and get them on a webcam? Looking for a switch or circuit that resets when power is lost in a 12V application? Hiking Circuits What is causing the pilot light to go out with a loud clunk? Is it possible to fill the second column with something automatically? Why is loud music much louder after pausing and resuming it? Up and up they go more hot questions Question feed Subscribe to RSS Question feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings