Newest 'entity-relationship' Questions - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Questions tagged [entity-relationship] Ask Question An entity-relationship model (ERM) is an abstract and conceptual representation of data, information aspects of a business domain or its process requirements. Ultimately ERM is being implemented in a database. Learn more… Top users Synonyms (2) 2,959 questions Newest Active Bountied Unanswered More Bountied 0 Unanswered Frequent Score Unanswered (my tags) Filter Filter by No answers No accepted answer Has bounty Sorted by Newest Recent activity Highest score Most frequent Bounty ending soon Tagged with My watched tags The following tags: Apply filter Cancel 0 votes 0 answers 3 views Which relationship in Entity-Relationship (ER) models is equivalent to aggregation in UML? I'm very puzzled about how to express the concept of 'aggregation' from UML in Entity-Relationship (ER) models. Although the Extended ER (EER) model provides the concept of aggregation, it seems to ... uml aggregation entity-relationship modeling grey bear 35 asked 15 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 12 views Can I use TypeORM @JoinColumn without the double underscores? I have 2 entities (so far) with a ManyToOne relationship between the Posts and the User (the order came this way because the user entity existed first and the post entity was created afterward before ... typescript postgresql express typeorm entity-relationship Rueben Cumberbatch 1 asked Jun 13 at 8:38 -2 votes 0 answers 42 views draw ER diagram for shelving management app I am trying to design a shelving management app. There are two rooms, room 1 and room 2. Each of the rooms contains 3 racks which are made up of shelves. And, the items are stored in particular ... database-design relational-database entity-relationship database-normalization Kunjan Rana 50 asked Jun 3 at 2:13 1 vote 0 answers 16 views Why did primal keys auto-generate for some of my entities when I converted my entity model to a relational model? I produced a relational model from my entity model and some of my entitiess now have primal keys that I didn't generate. I will provide some images from the diagrams. My Add entity In the realatioanl ... mysql entity-relationship oracle-sql-data-modeler Brad Troll 13 asked Jun 2 at 17:59 -1 votes 0 answers 45 views Translate a (1,N) <-> (0,N) relation in PostgreSQL with Constraints I'm designing a Database which requires a Many-To-Many relationship between two entities, but this kind of relationship can't be empty for one entity at any time. I'm trying to do this in PostgreSQL, ... sql postgresql database-design triggers entity-relationship Ghimbo21 125 asked May 31 at 13:42 0 votes 1 answer 38 views How to ensure total participation on one side of a many-to-many relation using SQL in Oracle? I'm trying to enforce a restriction of a many-to-many relation with total participation on one of the sides using SQL in an Oracle database but can't figure out how. For example, I have a set of ... sql database oracle triggers entity-relationship Felipe Rossi 1 asked May 25 at 21:55 0 votes 0 answers 39 views Problem fetching data in ManyToMany and OneToMany relationship using JPA: Spring Boot I am working on a small project using Spring Boot, Hibernate, and JPA. I have created three entities- Book Author Publication Required relationships- One book can be written by multiple authors and ... java spring-boot hibernate jpa entity-relationship coder001 359 asked May 17 at 6:54 -1 votes 1 answer 21 views Foreign key for subclasses in SQL I have a relationship between Pets, Customers, and Shipping Company Invoice and Pets has three subclasses Dog, Cat, and Bird, how should I translate that into SQL, what would the id in Invoice ... sql mysql relational-database entity-relationship Samil Tajani 3 asked May 14 at 13:23 0 votes 0 answers 68 views Issue in power portal API call with N:N relationship I have created a new entry in dataverse and made relationship with Account table(N:N). And then set table permission for that new entiry as Global, it works fine. **But when im changing that table ... api many-to-many entity-relationship powerapps powerapps-portal GokulPgp 101 asked May 8 at 3:05 0 votes 1 answer 45 views In an ERD can 2 actions be connected to each other? My program allows the user to select up to 3 suburbs in their local region. The website emails the user about road crashes that occurred in those suburbs. It stores their UserID and the suburbs they ... database database-design entity-relationship database-schema erd Neelupet YT 13 asked May 6 at 5:15 -1 votes 1 answer 21 views Should I include a junction table with a primary key in my ski rental database schema? I need to make the ER diagram and the relational schema of the Ski rentals. I have an Customer, Rental and Ski as a entities as well as their attributes. Customers and Rentals should have the one-to-... database-design entity-relationship junction-table cinnamond 79 asked May 3 at 9:30 1 vote 1 answer 39 views Prevent duplicated relationships on a multi-file Plantuml ER Diagram I am using PlantUML to built a ER diagram and my intention is to separate the database structure in multiple DER file views so I would have a "full-view" and a "system table's view"... database-design entity-relationship erd plantuml der RicardoPHP 492 asked Apr 28 at 21:12 1 vote 0 answers 41 views @ManyToOne(fetch = FetchType.LAZY) annotation makes extra queries I have two entities The first: @Entity data class EntityA( ... @ManyToOne(fetch = FetchType.LAZY) var entityB: EntityB, ... ) The second one: @Entity data class EntityB( ... ) ... hibernate kotlin entity-relationship many-to-one Kirill Zhurbin 31 asked Apr 27 at 11:33 0 votes 0 answers 15 views How to draw ER diagram for this given scenario This an example question offered to draw ER diagram; I'm not clear how to draw these 2 questions if anyone can please help. Consider the following statement. “Manufacturer orders parts from ... database entity entity-relationship kaweesha marasinghe 11 asked Apr 26 at 5:43 -1 votes 1 answer 32 views What is the reason that there is no primary key in a associative entity? I have the following ERD diagram: What is the difference between a many-to-many relationship and an associative entity? Why is there no PK in the Teaching entity? many-to-many relational-database primary-key entity-relationship erd hasannn2666 49 asked Apr 24 at 11:43 15 30 50 per page 1 2 3 4 5 … 198 Next The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Related Tags database × 711 database-design × 515 sql × 422 mysql × 339 entity-framework × 287 relational-database × 250 erd × 234 c# × 203 core-data × 197 java × 160 symfony × 118 foreign-keys × 114 jpa × 110 hibernate × 108 php × 92 doctrine-orm × 89 diagram × 88 ios × 87 entity × 85 orm × 84 sql-server × 83 many-to-many × 79 relationship × 77 data-modeling × 71 entity-framework-4 × 69 more related tags Hot Network Questions How to deal with an enthusiastic new player who's interrupting others? aka, How to gently teach "improv etiquette"? Does one need to buy tickets in advance for Deutsche Bahn train? What academic evidence is there of the pronunciation of gn as ɲn in Vulgar Latin? Favorite Economics Podcast? Is the full GPS constellation a Walker Delta constellation? How to write time signatures in emails and texts SFDX: exports.getOrgApiVersion is not a function Is there evidence of a pagan temple on the site of the Jewish Temple in Jerusalem that predated the Jewish Temple? How does population size impact the precision of the results Is it possible to fill the second column with something automatically? Martin's magic teapot Is this Order of Scribes wizard combo with the Elemental Bane and Faithful Hound spells a legal exploit? Does rebooting a phone daily increase your phone's security? Can a totally ordered set with a last element but no first element exist, or is this contradictory? What telescope is Polish astronomer Kazimierz Kordylewski holding in this April 1964 photo at the Jagiellonian University Observatory in Krakow? What's the oldest story where someone teleports into a solid or liquid? Trailer spare tire mount: U-bolt threads too long for lug wrench What are some monsters or spells that could trap NPCs for a long time without killing them? Are passengers required to obey pilots' commands? Magnetic field changes induced by vibrating electric guitar string Is my employer allowed to make me work without pay? LED reverse voltage rating Film about people in a rural area trapped behind a force field Hiking Circuits more hot questions Newest entity-relationship questions feed Subscribe to RSS Newest entity-relationship questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings