The UserObjectID is not visible in the logs for some records in the Azure Log Analytics Workspace - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up How are we doing? Please help us improve Microsoft Azure. Take our short survey Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Collectives™ on Stack Overflow – Centralized & trusted content around the technologies you use the most. Learn more about Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Would you recommend Microsoft Azure? Take our short survey The UserObjectID is not visible in the logs for some records in the Azure Log Analytics Workspace Ask Question Asked today Modified today Viewed 7 times Part of Microsoft Azure Collective 0 The UserObjectId is not showing for some of the Records in the Azure Blob Storage Logs. I have configured all the settings(Diagnostic Settings and Diagnostic Settings(Classic)) but I am not able to see the Object ID's for some Records. I have also enabled the Log 2.0 logs in the Diagnostic Settings. Here is a link to the Log Format for Azure Blobs: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/storageservices/storage-analytics-log-format I have tried searching and reading Azure Documentations but I am unable to figure who performed an Operation(UserObjectID) in my Storage Account in the Logs. azure-blob-storage azure-storage-account Share Follow edited 15 secs ago GVS Pranav asked 16 mins ago GVS PranavGVS Pranav 1 New contributor GVS Pranav is a new contributor to this site. Take care in asking for clarification, commenting, and answering. Check out our Code of Conduct. Add a comment | Related questions 0 How to move backup logs (1 year retention logs) from log analytics workspace to azure storage account 0 How to send Azure storaeg account activity logs to Azure Log analytics workspace 0 Azure App Service app service logs blob retention not working Related questions 0 How to move backup logs (1 year retention logs) from log analytics workspace to azure storage account 0 How to send Azure storaeg account activity logs to Azure Log analytics workspace 0 Azure App Service app service logs blob retention not working 1 Analyse log files in Azure blob storage 1 Azure WebApp Not Sending Application Logs to Blob Storage 0 Complete records are not Obtained from Azure Blob using Stream Analytics Job 2 Unable to link storage account to Log analytics workspace 2 How to find Azure blob container size using azure storage account's Diagnostic settings (classic) version 2 logs 1 "The value for one of the HTTP headers is not in the correct format" from within azure portal 0 How to Enable the Client-side Logging with the Azure Storage Client Library（Ver 12） for Java Load 7 more related questions Show fewer related questions 0 Sorted by: Reset to default Highest score (default) Trending (recent votes count more) Date modified (newest first) Date created (oldest first) Know someone who can answer? Share a link to this question via email, Twitter, or Facebook. Your Answer GVS Pranav is a new contributor. Be nice, and check out our Code of Conduct. Thanks for contributing an answer to Stack Overflow! Please be sure to answer the question. Provide details and share your research! But avoid … Asking for help, clarification, or responding to other answers. Making statements based on opinion; back them up with references or personal experience. To learn more, see our tips on writing great answers. Draft saved Draft discarded Sign up or log in Sign up using Google Sign up using Facebook Sign up using Email and Password Submit Post as a guest Name Email Required, but never shown Post as a guest Name Email Required, but never shown Post Your Answer Discard By clicking “Post Your Answer”, you agree to our terms of service and acknowledge that you have read and understand our privacy policy and code of conduct. Browse other questions tagged azure-blob-storage azure-storage-account or ask your own question. Microsoft Azure Collective See more This question is in a collective: a subcommunity defined by tags with relevant content and experts. The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Hot Network Questions What telescope is Polish astronomer Kazimierz Kordylewski holding in this April 1964 photo at the Jagiellonian University Observatory in Krakow? What's the oldest story where someone teleports into a solid or liquid? How to write time signatures in emails and texts What do I do with a desk whose varnish has worn away, and doesn't allow my mouse to work smoothly? InterpolationOrder creates a sharp valley even if I increase the number of points. How to have a smooth curve? Dynamically Linking a Proprietary Module to a GPL-Covered Library (C/C++) Why does this native speaker (Youtuber) say "...a island" but not "...an island": "I thought the 50 grand was getting me a island." Does one need to buy tickets in advance for Deutsche Bahn train? Are the names of lightroots the names of shrines spelled backwards? Magnetic field changes induced by vibrating electric guitar string LED reverse voltage rating Film about people in a rural area trapped behind a force field ImageWriter II occasionally prints hex dumps Do more legislative seats make Gerrymandering harder? Is the full GPS constellation a Walker Delta constellation? Why is the use of enemy flags, insignia, uniforms and emblems forbidden in international humanitarian law? Algebraically closed fields with only finite orbits How can I get scheme product of two polynomials like this? How do you read "10/10"? Are passengers required to obey pilots' commands? How would humans adapt to suddenly gaining new senses? Why didn't Gandalf identify the troll's swords? Safe to remove plastic chainring cover? 16 month old wants to co sleep, won’t sleep alone more hot questions Question feed Subscribe to RSS Question feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings