Microsoft Azure Collective - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up How are we doing? Please help us improve Microsoft Azure. Take our short survey Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Collectives™ on Stack Overflow – Centralized & trusted content around the technologies you use the most. Learn more about Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Would you recommend Microsoft Azure? Take our short survey Microsoft Azure Collective On-premises, hybrid, multicloud, or at the edge—build on your terms with best-in-class tools, your favorite open-source frameworks and languages, and a platform that supports continuous collaboration and delivery with Azure. azure-store azure-vm-scale-set azure-migrate azure-functions-core-tools see all 351 associated tags 204.2k Questions +536 2.9k Answers recommended 26 Articles +1 8.8k Members +292 Join collective Overview Questions Articles Bulletins Members Navigate pages Overview Questions Articles Bulletins Members Website Contact Twitter Facebook Instagram GitHub Website Website Contact Contact Twitter Twitter Facebook Facebook Instagram Instagram GitHub GitHub Can you answer these questions? View all unanswered questions These questions still don't have an answer 0 votes 0 answers 7 views The UserObjectID is not visible in the logs for some records in the Azure Log Analytics Workspace The UserObjectId is not showing for some of the Records in the Azure Blob Storage Logs. I have configured all the settings(Diagnostic Settings and Diagnostic Settings(Classic)) but I am not able to ... azure-blob-storage azure-storage-account GVS Pranav 1 modified 16 secs ago 1 vote 0 answers 10 views Azure AD B2C Logint From Maui; IdentityClient returns null I am trying to create a login system from my maui app with the help of azure ad b2c. I set up this code: private async void TestAuth2() { var authService = new AuthService(); // most likely you will ... azure maui Rafael 1,256 modified 34 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 14 views MS Search-UnifiedAuditLog won't return more than 180 results I'm trying to search the MS 365 unified audit log with the Search-UnifiedAuditLog commandlet and no matter what I do, the max results it will return is 180. My code is pretty simple (below), the ... azure powershell microsoft365 ccoho 1 asked 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 13 views Azure Authenticator App Code Error while Switching Directory I am trying to switch the Azure directory. While switching the directory the Azure portal asks for an authentication code and the which I am getting on authenticator app. The authentication code I am ... azure authentication azure-active-directory azure-authentication message-authentication-code Sohail Nawaz 1 asked 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 9 views We want to use 2 factor authentication saml2 azure ad in asp.net mvc We want to implement 2 factor authentication in our asp.net mvc c# application. we are using saml2 authentication azure AD, app is created in azure and we received xml and .cer file from exchange ... c# asp.net-mvc azure azure-active-directory single-sign-on raj 1 asked 1 hour ago Looking for an extra challenge? View all bountied questions These questions have a bounty on them 0 votes 1 answer 41 views +300 Azure.ResourceManager.Resources.SubscriptionResources.GetResourceGroups() returning empty For the code below, it is getting the search service if using Microsoft.Azure.Management.Search. It is not getting the resource group if using Azure.ResourceManager.Resources. public static async Task&... azure azure-resource-manager azure-sdk-.net azure-sdk Jonas Arcangel 2,521 modified yesterday 1 vote 2 answers 171 views +100 Why am I receiving a DbUpdateConcurrencyException when fetching 'User' data from Sql Server in Azure? Problem - I can't figure out why I'm getting a DbUpdateConcurrencyException from Azure app-insights when I fetch data from my controller and then refresh the page? It also seems to be throwing this ... c# exception azure-sql-database azure-application-insights concurrency-exception chuckd 13.1k modified yesterday 0 votes 0 answers 77 views +50 How to connect an Azure webjob/appservice to an Azure remote database programmatically? I've created a WebJob based on: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/webjobs-sdk-get-started The WebJob is there to automatically create an SQLite database and then populate the ... azure azure-web-app-service azure-webjobs E. A. Bagby 810 modified 2 days ago 0 votes 0 answers 45 views +50 Azure communication services Chat SDK timeouts like Calling SDK timeouts Just like we have Reconnect/removal participant timeout for Calling SDK (Calling SDK timeouts) do we have anything like that for chat? Or is it like once a participant is added they are just added and ... javascript azure chat azure-communication-services Pawan Singh 774 modified Jun 19 at 6:27 1 vote 0 answers 49 views +50 Silent authentication of a webview that opens a Sharepoint url We have a React Native application that authenticates with Azure AD via an in-app-browser (using https://docs.expo.dev/versions/latest/sdk/auth-session/). In another part of the app, we have to ... react-native azure-active-directory single-sign-on azure-ad-msal expo-auth-session Robin Claes 447 modified Jun 19 at 14:57 Recommended answers View all recommended answers These answers have been recommended 0 votes 1 answer 21 views How to generate duplicate records in dataflow with different value I need to generate a column based on some logic. example: If Column1=A then Column2='A1' and If Column=A then Column2='A2' like for one source row, I need to generate 2 rows in dataflow with different ... azure-data-factory Pratik Lad 3,407 answered 26 mins ago Answer As per your ask, If Column1=A then Column2='A1' and If Column=A then Column2='A2' like for one source row, I need to generate 2 rows in dataflow with different values. for one single records from ... View answer Pratik Lad 3,407 answered 26 mins ago 0 votes 1 answer 16 views How to get to know age of Azure Virtual machine through terraform code? I was attempting to write a script to delete azure vms which are older than 5 days. Is there any way to get the age of a particular vm with terraform code? I tried finding on the hashicorp docs but ... azure terraform cloud virtual-machine 4c74356b41 68.8k answered 4 hours ago Answer This is not a task to use terraform. you'd need to use something like az cli or powershell to do that. A code example: $vms = Get-AzVM $vms.where{ $PSItem.TimeCreated -lt (get-date).adddays(-5) } | ... View answer 4c74356b41 68.8k answered 4 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 35 views How to merge JSON objects with array using setProperty in Logic Apps? Using Azure Logic Apps I would like I would like to merge the Vehicles of Sample Item 1 and Sample Item 2, how can I do this? LogicApp Code can be found here: https://pastebin.com/ntt9biYU The Sample ... azure azure-logic-apps RithwikBojja 3,785 modified 5 hours ago Answer I have reproduced in my environment and got expected results as below: Uisng setproperty: setProperty(variables('var1'), 'Vehicles', union(variables('var1')['Vehicles'], variables('var2')['Vehicles']))... View answer RithwikBojja 3,785 answered 5 hours ago 0 votes 2 answers 39 views How to write out/convert YYYY-MM-DD to "Month, DD, YYYY" in SQL I'm trying to convert some dates I have that written as 2004-01-05 into January 1, 2004. I can't use DATEFORMAT() because it's not a supported built in function in my database. I'm using the up-to-... sql azure date sql-date-functions sql-convert Ricardo Francois 730 answered 7 hours ago Answer Accepted Answer recommended by Microsoft Azure Assuming you have a date in a date or datetime then FORMAT will format dates for you. For example: select format(getdate(),'MMMM dd, yyyy')` -- June 22, 2023 See http://sqlfiddle.com/#!18/5f342/477 ... View answer Tangentially Perpendicular 4,814 answered 11 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 9 views What are common strategies to ingest messages from a service bus topic into Azure Data Explorer? Hello Stack Overflow community, I have an Azure Service Bus topic that stores events, and I want to store these events (topic messages) into Azure Data Explorer for further analysis and querying. I ... azure-data-explorer servicebus data-ingestion Yoni L. 21.6k answered 12 hours ago Answer you could try having the messages written as blobs, then use an EventGrid data connection to automatically ingest the results blobs to your target database/table. 2 options for doing so: Power ... View answer Yoni L. 21.6k answered 12 hours ago See what's trending View all trending questions These are the most active questions in Microsoft Azure Collective 962 votes 25 answers 1.5m views Reset identity seed after deleting records in SQL Server I have inserted records into a SQL Server database table. The table had a primary key defined and the auto increment identity seed is set to “Yes”. This is done primarily because in SQL Azure, each ... sql sql-server database sql-server-2008 azure-sql-database abolfazl sadeghi 1,879 modified Jan 24 at 21:10 599 votes 29 answers 746k views "The certificate chain was issued by an authority that is not trusted" when connecting DB in VM Role from Azure website I am experiencing an error when connecting MY DB which is in VM Role (I have SQL VM Role) from Azure Website. Both VM Role and Azure Website are in West zone. I am facing the following issue: ... azure-web-roles azure-vm-role Hoque MD Zahidul 10.2k answered May 27 at 17:16 282 votes 20 answers 258k views Could not load file or assembly "System.Net.Http, Version=4.0.0.0, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=b03f5f7f11d50a3a" I've copied my project to a clean Windows 10 machine with only Visual Studio 2015 Community and SQL Server 2016 Express installed. There are no other framework versions installed apart from those ... c# azure visual-studio-2015 DaggeJ 2,074 modified May 31 at 12:25 221 votes 27 answers 279k views How to get the azure account tenant Id? My question is: Is it possible to get the azure active directory tenant id without using powershell command? I found this two blogs and with this help, I'm already able to get the tenant ID and ... azure azure-active-directory Tomer Aharon 47 answered Jun 14, 2022 at 12:39 224 votes 24 answers 140k views How do I copy SQL Azure database to my local development server? Does anyone know how I can copy a SQL Azure database to my development machine? I'd like to stop paying to have a development database in the cloud, but it's the best way to get production data. I ... sql-server azure azure-sql-database database-migration Hari 4,514 modified Oct 4, 2022 at 11:50 Learn something new View all articles These are the most recent articles in Microsoft Azure Collective 0 votes 4 views 1 minute read How-to guide Trigger an Email alert on office 365 if licenses are less than a certain limit Introduction: In this article, we will explore a PowerShell script that triggers an email alert on Office 365 when the number of licenses falls below 10. This script can be helpful for day-to-day ... powershell azure-active-directory office365 Harpreet Singh Matharoo 56 created yesterday 3 votes 53 views 1 minute read Knowledge article How to get the total size allocated to a Storage account and the for types like Queues, tables, blobs and files. To determine the total size allocated to a storage account and the consumed size for each of its storage types (queues, tables, blobs, and files), you can use either PowerShell or Kusto Query Language ... azure-storage SumanthMarigowda-MSFT 1,859 created May 24 at 8:08 -1 votes 23 views 3 minute read Knowledge article Configuring A Failover Group For A Production Database In Azure Overview All production databases should be configured to replicate to a secondary geo-replica database in a paired Azure location. The primary database (production) and the secondary database will ... azure-sql-database endpoint failover geo-replication Abdul Basith 31 created May 22 at 2:42 -1 votes 65 views 1 minute read Knowledge article Azure Synapse Analytics: MagicUsageError - Cannot read notebook Notebook10 - The possible reason is that the notebook doesn't exist Problem Statement: While running the notebook from another notebook, you will experience the below error message: MagicUsageError: Cannot read notebook Notebook10 - The possible reason is that the ... azure azure-synapse azure-synapse-analytics CHEEKATLAPRADEEP 12.1k created Apr 18 at 8:13 0 votes 96 views 1 minute read How-to guide How to remove duplicate rows of all columns from source data before copying to sink in Azure Data Factory Requirement/Use Case: Let's assume we have a requirement to remove duplicate rows (or keep only distinct rows using all columns) from a source file data. For better understanding let's say, it should ... azure-data-factory azure-synapse-analytics Kranthi Pakala 1,268 created Apr 8 at 8:00 Collectives on Stack Overflow: a subcommunity defined by tags to help you find trusted answers faster and share knowledge with the community. Get started with collectives Join collective Explore collective features Read your first bulletin Check out the leaderboard Learn about the different roles Discover recommended answers See all collectives AVERAGE RESPONSE RATE (within 24 hours) 39% Help improve the percentage by Answering questions LEADERBOARD POSITION Join the collective and see where you rank to compete Recognized Members (111) Users who are recognized as subject matter experts within this collective. Gaurav Mantri scored +270 answering questions this week Jesse Squire +65 AnnuKumari +25 Rajesh M +10 Joel Cochran +10 View all 111 Recognized Members Top tags azure × 132513 questions azure-active-directory × 17203 questions azure-functions × 15504 questions azure-functions × 15504 questions azure-web-app-service × 11436 questions View all 351 tags Members can contribute articles Simply submit a proposal, get it approved by a Recognized Member, and publish it. See how the process works Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings