Newest 'github' Questions - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Questions tagged [github] Ask Question GitHub is a web-based hosting service for software development projects that use Git for version control. Use this tag for questions specific to problems with repositories hosted on GitHub, features specific to GitHub, and using GitHub for collaborating with other users. Do not use this tag for Git-related issues simply because a repository happens to be hosted on GitHub. Learn more… Top users Synonyms 56,122 questions Newest Active Bountied 2 Unanswered More Bountied 2 Unanswered Frequent Score Unanswered (my tags) Filter Filter by No answers No accepted answer Has bounty Sorted by Newest Recent activity Highest score Most frequent Bounty ending soon Tagged with My watched tags The following tags: Apply filter Cancel 0 votes 0 answers 4 views Github account loosing contribution graph in different scenarios I have some doubts regarding how Github manages E-mails associated with organizations Next I am going to present the different scenarios that I could face: I am removed from organization A: Will I ... github organization Ricki 131 asked 13 mins ago -1 votes 0 answers 12 views How do I filter for data in a JSON file thats saved in github, by using python? I have a JSON file in GitHub. I am trying to filter on customer names that return false for a specific key, by using python. Looking for guidance on how to do run a python script, that references the ... python json github filter AST 9 asked 16 mins ago 0 votes 1 answer 16 views Gitlab : How to Ignore Merge Conflicts for Specific Files? I have a problem with resolving merge conflicts in my Gitlab repo. There are several branches, i.e. main, dev and feature_1. This is my .gitlab-ci.yml: image: node default: tags: - node stages:... git github gitlab gitlab-ci cicd mr.boris 3,545 asked 1 hour ago 0 votes 1 answer 20 views Cloning and adding the current repository I want to clone a project from github and use vscode or visual studio. I clone the project locally with git clone but I can't push it to my repository. I'm probably doing something wrong. What are the ... git visual-studio github visual-studio-code Samsun 1 asked 4 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 12 views How do I get the git commits for my pull request in a workflow I want to pass all commits associated to only this PR/Branch. I've tried accessing github.event.commits and it was empty, the commits aren't located in github.event.pull_request.GITHUB_HEAD_REF. This ... node.js github yaml github-actions backend ezg 667 asked 9 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 8 views Upload a file of over 2GB to GitHub repository I am trying to upload a json file of 2.3GB to GitHub repository but it raises an error as the maximum size for GitHub with Git LFS seems to be 2GB. What can I do to upload it? I am deploying an app ... github git-lfs Hugo Albert 11 asked 10 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 12 views What files are left out of the tagged github zip? I had some issues with a deploy and has to revert back to a tagged version of the code. When reviewing the changes between the the tagged code and the git code it had some changes like changelog. Is ... github git-tag Luke ketchen 47 asked 12 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 11 views GitHub repo to track Postman request changes? When I make a change to a Postman request and then go to close the tab and get "Save Changes?" sometimes I don't remember what I changed. I know I can import / export collections and put ... git github postman Dudeman3000 542 asked 13 hours ago -1 votes 3 answers 48 views Why does actions/checkout fetch the latest commit right after cloning the repository? While trying to make sense of the action actions/checkout@version, I came across this answer in which the following was stated to explain what happens when the same action is executed: The default ... git github version-control github-actions git-fetch Mehdi Charife 575 asked 14 hours ago -2 votes 1 answer 23 views Does using random plus addressing (gmail) fix GHub's spoofed content security hole? Problem: I can't have my username and profile pic associated with spoofed content throughout the duration of my account, just by signing up to Ghub. Github the social media, allows you to set the ... git email github security web Pacerier 85.7k asked 14 hours ago -1 votes 1 answer 13 views 'Git' Not Authenticating due to Password Authentication Being Removed [duplicate] I need to push a cloned repo back to Github, but when I run git push -u -f origin main in the folder that I've initialized and added a remote origin to, it returns this error: remote: Support for ... git github push Tyler 1 asked 15 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 7 views Solved : How to remove contributor from github repository I faced the problem when i can see a contributor but this contributor didn't contribute anything Tried a lot of things started with checking settings and manage access collaborators. Checkin commits ... github repository fosterushka 306 asked 16 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 6 views Website deployment on Github ( using cra) Actually I am trying hard to deploy my portfolio website on github ; but it is not being deployed correctly, means after deployment readme file is being opened. Other than that npm run deploy is also ... github deployment Ayush Gupta 1 asked 18 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 20 views How to pass data from github actions workflow to a JS file The goal is to read through all the commit's related to the PR to see if they contain keywords (e.g. feat, fix, BREAKING CHANGE, etc.). If they do, then I'll increment the version number of my ... javascript node.js github github-actions devops ezg 667 asked 18 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 15 views Is there any way to skip Cypress failed test cases on github using CI/CD? My yml script on: [push] jobs: cypress-run: runs-on: ubuntu-latest steps: - name: Checkout uses: actions/checkout@v2 # Install NPM dependencies, cache them correctly ... github next.js automation cypress e2e-testing Hassan Sajjad 1 asked 20 hours ago 15 30 50 per page 1 2 3 4 5 … 3742 Next The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Related Tags git × 28342 github-actions × 3500 github-api × 2155 github-pages × 1979 version-control × 1929 python × 1821 ssh × 1352 repository × 1313 jenkins × 1312 javascript × 1226 pull-request × 1202 gitlab × 1111 android × 1070 java × 1061 node.js × 970 bitbucket × 927 html × 879 heroku × 838 continuous-integration × 819 merge × 790 reactjs × 775 markdown × 710 php × 653 branch × 643 eclipse × 628 more related tags Hot Network Questions 16 month old wants to co sleep, won’t sleep alone If Boris Johnson returns as an MP, would he have to serve the 90-day suspension for lying to Parliament? Looking for a switch or circuit that resets when power is lost in a 12V application? How to deal with an enthusiastic new player who's interrupting others? aka, How to gently teach "improv etiquette"? How did ZX Spectrum games loaders prevent the use of MERGE? What characterizes a future-proof ebike drive system? How do you read "10/10"? Did Andrew Tate claim his job was to seduce women and get them on a webcam? What telescope is Polish astronomer Kazimierz Kordylewski holding in this April 1964 photo at the Jagiellonian University Observatory in Krakow? Is my employer allowed to make me work without pay? What academic evidence is there of the pronunciation of gn as ɲn in Vulgar Latin? Film about people in a rural area trapped behind a force field Is it possible to fill the second column with something automatically? Magnetic field changes induced by vibrating electric guitar string Why is the use of enemy flags, insignia, uniforms and emblems forbidden in international humanitarian law? Electrical - Ground used a Neutral How would humans adapt to suddenly gaining new senses? Best practice to label thumb scoopers/dishers Is humor unacceptable in referee reports? Is there a good reason for the IRS to seize ATF 4473 Forms? Up and up they go Vertices of a regular dodecahedron Why can't NSolve solve for the obvious zeros? Proving the Replica Trick works more hot questions Newest github questions feed Subscribe to RSS Newest github questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings