php - WordPress Elementor plugin issue - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams WordPress Elementor plugin issue [closed] Ask Question Asked today Modified today Viewed 12 times -3 Closed. This question needs details or clarity. It is not currently accepting answers. Want to improve this question? Add details and clarify the problem by editing this post. Closed 7 mins ago. Improve this question I am using WordPress Elementor plugin. i am facing some server error(500) i am write paragraphs when update plugin on home page. please guide me how to solve this WordPress Elementor Server Error. Than you so much Everyone php Share Follow asked 17 mins ago RohanRohan 1 New contributor Rohan is a new contributor to this site. Take care in asking for clarification, commenting, and answering. Check out our Code of Conduct. 3 500 Internal Server Error - MDN Docs, How to can show error messages on Wordpress - StackOverflow Answer – rozsazoltan 13 mins ago You may also find help in the wordpress.org elementor support forum if you suspect misbehavior of the plugin. – Peter Krebs 5 mins ago It's a generic HTTP error, not a specific Elementor error. Check the PHP error log, or enable error reporting, to see the underlying exception. Once you have that, you stand a chance of being able to diagnose and fix it. We can't help you just from a generic code. – ADyson 3 mins ago Add a comment | Related questions 5037 Reference Guide: What does this symbol mean in PHP? (PHP Syntax) 1264 Reference - What does this error mean in PHP? 765 PHP parse/syntax errors; and how to solve them Related questions 5037 Reference Guide: What does this symbol mean in PHP? (PHP Syntax) 1264 Reference - What does this error mean in PHP? 765 PHP parse/syntax errors; and how to solve them 2 Advanced Custom Fields (ACF) Widget fields not rendering in Elementor Wordpress Plugin 304 Class 'DOMDocument' not found Load 2 more related questions Show fewer related questions 0 Sorted by: Reset to default Highest score (default) Trending (recent votes count more) Date modified (newest first) Date created (oldest first) Browse other questions tagged php or ask your own question. The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Linked 1 Wordpress error: no log, no message, no info Hot Network Questions Why is auto keyword useful for compiler-writers in C? What academic evidence is there of the pronunciation of gn as ɲn in Vulgar Latin? Why "previously learned knowledge" is a natural phrase in English, although "learn knowledge" is not? 16 month old wants to co sleep, won’t sleep alone Plausibility of using orbital mirrors to dig a canyon Does rebooting a phone daily increase your phone's security? Samsung SyncMaster 3 cannot show resolutions up from 800x600 despite manual saying otherwise Why does NIST SP 800-90C RBG3 construction require XOR or reseeding a DRBG with a physical entropy source to produce full entropy? What does it mean to have two colors in the fill section? Favorite Economics Podcast? How would humans adapt to suddenly gaining new senses? Why is loud music much louder after pausing and resuming it? How to bevel curved objects with many sharp turns? Does one need to buy tickets in advance for Deutsche Bahn train? What do I do with a desk whose varnish has worn away, and doesn't allow my mouse to work smoothly? Are there countries where vehicles involved in an accident must move if they're blocking the flow of traffic? SFDX: exports.getOrgApiVersion is not a function Trailer spare tire mount: U-bolt threads too long for lug wrench Is it too much to create a book cover for a potential book for an interview? How does "thou" equal "oneg"? Vertices of a regular dodecahedron How does population size impact the precision of the results IR LED with transistor Is humor unacceptable in referee reports? more hot questions lang-php Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings