How to split pandas column in 2 with varying pattern - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams How to split pandas column in 2 with varying pattern Ask Question Asked today Modified today Viewed 7 times 0 I have fetched dataframe from site with selenium and one of a columns in a table has a name and serial number in one cell. In frontend it looks fine cause serial number is put in but when i fetch it into pandas dataframe it fetching it in 1 cell, pattern of serial number is vary. The pattern can look like b05/124125 or either f07/d05/f95/10581 I've been searching for some implementation in internet and looks like "column.str.split()" doesnt feet the situation i have. I getting table from html file with pd.read_excel pandas design-patterns split Share Follow asked 17 mins ago user314797user314797 1 New contributor user314797 is a new contributor to this site. Take care in asking for clarification, commenting, and answering. Check out our Code of Conduct. 1 please provide a clear example of your input DataFrame and the matching expected output – mozway 14 mins ago Add a comment | Related questions 2854 Renaming column names in Pandas 3890 How to iterate over rows in a DataFrame in Pandas 3045 How do I split a list into equally-sized chunks? Related questions 2854 Renaming column names in Pandas 3890 How to iterate over rows in a DataFrame in Pandas 3045 How do I split a list into equally-sized chunks? 2801 How do I split a string on a delimiter in Bash? 3354 How do I select rows from a DataFrame based on column values? 2143 Delete a column from a Pandas DataFrame 1907 How do I split a string in Java? 3149 How do I change the size of figures drawn with Matplotlib? 1451 Change column type in pandas 1800 How do I get the row count of a Pandas DataFrame? Load 7 more related questions Show fewer related questions 0 Sorted by: Reset to default Highest score (default) Trending (recent votes count more) Date modified (newest first) Date created (oldest first) Know someone who can answer? Share a link to this question via email, Twitter, or Facebook. Your Answer user314797 is a new contributor. Be nice, and check out our Code of Conduct. Thanks for contributing an answer to Stack Overflow! Please be sure to answer the question. Provide details and share your research! But avoid … Asking for help, clarification, or responding to other answers. Making statements based on opinion; back them up with references or personal experience. To learn more, see our tips on writing great answers. Draft saved Draft discarded Sign up or log in Sign up using Google Sign up using Facebook Sign up using Email and Password Submit Post as a guest Name Email Required, but never shown Post as a guest Name Email Required, but never shown Post Your Answer Discard By clicking “Post Your Answer”, you agree to our terms of service and acknowledge that you have read and understand our privacy policy and code of conduct. Browse other questions tagged pandas design-patterns split or ask your own question. The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Hot Network Questions How does "thou" equal "oneg"? LED reverse voltage rating How to write time signatures in emails and texts Problems in NP with non-trivial certificate Why is rock or metal often cold to the touch but wood or plastic is not? Why are the ground floors windows of northern Italian palazzi often barred up? Why are sometimes the brightest star of a constellation not named alpha? Are the names of lightroots the names of shrines spelled backwards? 16 month old wants to co sleep, won’t sleep alone What are Astral Diamonds made of? Why is loud music much louder after pausing and resuming it? Short poem about a teleportation accident Line of Best Fit with or Without Constant Term InterpolationOrder creates a sharp valley even if I increase the number of points. How to have a smooth curve? Does the epsilon-delta definition of limits truly capture our intuitive understanding of limits? Does one need to buy tickets in advance for Deutsche Bahn train? Short story involving a future in which janitors run the world How would humans adapt to suddenly gaining new senses? Is it possible to fill the second column with something automatically? Is there a way to keep the versatile bonus while mounted, like a feat or anything? Did Andrew Tate claim his job was to seduce women and get them on a webcam? Does there exist a field where all even degree equations have solutions but not all odd degree equations? Compare new txt file with old txt file and remove all data that matches Why are Search & Rescue aircraft looking for the OceanGate Titan submarine not visible on ADS-B Exchange? more hot questions Question feed Subscribe to RSS Question feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. lang-py Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings