Newest 'design-patterns' Questions - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Questions tagged [design-patterns] Ask Question A design pattern is a general reusable solution to a commonly occurring problem in software design. Use this tag for questions when you're having problems with the implementation of design-patterns. Please don't use this tag on questions about text pattern matching. When using this tag on implementation heavy questions - tag the code language the implementation is written in. Learn more… Top users Synonyms (5) 31,903 questions Newest Active Bountied Unanswered More Bountied 0 Unanswered Frequent Score Unanswered (my tags) Filter Filter by No answers No accepted answer Has bounty Sorted by Newest Recent activity Highest score Most frequent Bounty ending soon Tagged with My watched tags The following tags: Apply filter Cancel 0 votes 0 answers 7 views How to split pandas column in 2 with varying pattern I have fetched dataframe from site with selenium and one of a columns in a table has a name and serial number in one cell. In frontend it looks fine cause serial number is put in but when i fetch it ... pandas design-patterns split user314797 1 asked 17 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 6 views how to avoid circular dependency in requiring files I am making a inventory management system. I have two models sales and orders. Sales contain bill data and each product purchased is in orders model. I want to use pre update hook to update orders and ... javascript node.js mongoose design-patterns require Nisha Dave 659 asked 3 hours ago 0 votes 3 answers 39 views Wrap a loosely typed interface and make it strongly typed There is an external API that I have to use with the following signature: class Item { String type; String name; ///...setters, getters } interface ItemFinder { List<Item> ... java generics design-patterns Ilya Kharlamov 3,679 asked 4 hours ago -3 votes 1 answer 31 views Generic Repository using EF I'm trying to build generic repository which I will use to get data with or without includes, add data, update data, delete data. I searched a bunch of websites, but still nothing to match my requests.... c# .net entity-framework design-patterns repository-pattern sandro revazishvili 1 asked 17 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 30 views Find Specific Pattern in String via SQL I have a column of what we'll call remarks. Basically notes. I want to see if I can extract exact patterns of alpha or numbers from these notes see example. REMARKS 'This ... sql design-patterns teradata matching James Pizzato 3 asked yesterday 1 vote 0 answers 27 views Separating PyTest Tests and Sphinx Documentation in Docker with Poetry for Development I want to create a design for utilizing Poetry within a Docker environment. During development, I want to have separate directories for PyTest test files (tests/) and Sphinx documentation (docs/) on ... python docker design-patterns python-sphinx python-poetry Bosser445 183 asked yesterday -3 votes 0 answers 54 views design pattern used in java functional interface [closed] I was asked a question about functional interface. What is the design pattern used in functional interface in java? But as far as I know, no design pattern used here in functional interface. Is it ... java design-patterns pappu_kutty 2,371 asked 2 days ago 0 votes 0 answers 7 views Can we use SAGA name for a third party Framework? I have been creating a free and open source framework for microservices using SAGA design pattern. I have named it as ActionSAGA. But i have a doubt whether a third party company like us can use that ... spring-boot design-patterns frameworks saga Akmal 1 asked 2 days ago 1 vote 0 answers 19 views node.js SIP implementation class structure I am trying to build a SIP implementation in Node.js. I would like to use this library to build out SIP UASs and UACs My entire implementation is at this GitHub repo my question relates to SIP dialogs ... javascript design-patterns protocols sip Nik Hendricks 234 asked 2 days ago 0 votes 1 answer 45 views How to provide support for custom implementation in a Java library while offering a default implementation? I'm developing a Java-based library that includes a default implementation packaged within the JAR file. However, I also want to provide support for consumer applications to have their own custom ... java spring spring-boot design-patterns autowired Sumeet Kumar Yadav 11.8k asked 2 days ago 0 votes 1 answer 46 views Implementing Feature-Based Design with Compile-Time Flexibility in C++ I need feature-based design, where each feature is added to a class's bitmask FeatureList. However, each class should compile even if the individual features of the class are removed from the compile. ... c++ design-patterns enums compilation macros ingotangjingle 3 asked 2 days ago 0 votes 0 answers 38 views Factory pattern can be used to create business objects? I have read various articles on the factory pattern. However almost in all the examples the objects used are "flat" (beans, dtos,) ie. Dogs, Cars, etc. and that's good it helped me ... java design-patterns factory-pattern SerchRac 171 asked Jun 19 at 19:05 1 vote 1 answer 56 views A function as an argument in Julia (best practice / code design) What is the best/most elegant code design in the Julia programming language for the following problem: The modules mod1, mod2, mod3, ... implement a complicated function fun(a,b,c), which calculates ... design-patterns julia function-pointers functor thyme 376 asked Jun 19 at 12:38 -1 votes 0 answers 67 views Draw pattern in python depending on direction and length of number input I try to write a function print_histogram(n, direction='⇑', colour='blue') takes in - a positive integer (possibly 0) as first argument; - a character that represents one of 4 possible irections as ... python algorithm design-patterns Alex Ngo 17 asked Jun 19 at 11:40 -1 votes 0 answers 33 views Design patten for multiple actions java [closed] I am developing a system that allows the user to create information about objects in the database. The requirements are the user can create the information by submitting the data multiple times (... java design-patterns Nha Phan 1 asked Jun 19 at 10:13 15 30 50 per page 1 2 3 4 5 … 2127 Next The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Related Tags java × 7108 c# × 5436 oop × 4525 c++ × 2521 javascript × 1770 php × 1626 architecture × 1624 .net × 1337 python × 1221 singleton × 994 model-view-controller × 942 android × 841 inheritance × 678 dependency-injection × 628 domain-driven-design × 548 asp.net-mvc × 520 factory-pattern × 496 interface × 493 ios × 477 asp.net × 464 spring × 454 algorithm × 441 factory × 437 decorator × 398 database × 387 more related tags Hot Network Questions What telescope is Polish astronomer Kazimierz Kordylewski holding in this April 1964 photo at the Jagiellonian University Observatory in Krakow? Up and up they go Multiple alignments of different equation types in math mode Why "previously learned knowledge" is a natural phrase in English, although "learn knowledge" is not? Algebraically closed fields with only finite orbits Favorite Economics Podcast? Did Andrew Tate claim his job was to seduce women and get them on a webcam? Is this Order of Scribes wizard combo with the Elemental Bane and Faithful Hound spells a legal exploit? InterpolationOrder creates a sharp valley even if I increase the number of points. How to have a smooth curve? Why are sometimes the brightest star of a constellation not named alpha? failed pt-online-schema-change left behind triggers. How to delete? Is there a way to keep the versatile bonus while mounted, like a feat or anything? Plausibility of using orbital mirrors to dig a canyon Magnetic field changes induced by vibrating electric guitar string What parts of a spaceship would still work 100 million years later? Problems in NP with non-trivial certificate What are Astral Diamonds made of? Compare new txt file with old txt file and remove all data that matches Buffer accuracy in virtual layer differs from accuracy in PostGIS view How does population size impact the precision of the results Why didn't Gandalf identify the troll's swords? An interesting trigonometric integral Combine 1,3,3,7 to get 10 How to bevel curved objects with many sharp turns? more hot questions Newest design-patterns questions feed Subscribe to RSS Newest design-patterns questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings