mysql - Python is formatting the Primary Key cell value extracted via SQL query in some date format - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Python is formatting the Primary Key cell value extracted via SQL query in some date format [closed] Ask Question Asked today Modified today Viewed 12 times 0 Closed. This question needs debugging details. It is not currently accepting answers. Edit the question to include desired behavior, a specific problem or error, and the shortest code necessary to reproduce the problem. This will help others answer the question. Closed 12 mins ago. Improve this question My python code is establishing the database connection and executing a SQL Query to fetch some millions of records. Now after the logic is applied to the table few of the columns are extracted. Based on the difference in values the associated Primary Key is extracted. Now Primary key when we query and check in SQL Developer window is something like "ABCAASASJDK2322-12-01". When the data is extracted and printed to see what value got pulled in, we can see the Primary Key value got modified to "ABCAASASJDK2322-Dec-01". Now this is disturbing the solution as, the expected Primary key will never be found at the SQL developer window. There exists no record with Primary key as "ABCAASASJDK2322-Dec-01" when we query from SQL window. Is there a way to stop Python doing this auto-formatting here? My data is eventually going to get copied to an excel file, but when I am printing the execution result from file at cmd prompt I can clearly see the difference there itself. Please help. python mysql date Share Follow edited 15 mins ago Neha M asked 17 mins ago Neha MNeha M 111 bronze badge 3 1 Neither MySQL nor Python do anything like that. You didn't post any code so there's no way to guess what's going on. If this is the content of a single column, there's probably a bug in whatever creates this "smart" key value. Smart keys are not a good idea and point to database design problems – Panagiotis Kanavos 14 mins ago Or the values come from multiple columns and the Python code concatenates them as strings, forcing any non-string types to be formatted into strings – Panagiotis Kanavos 13 mins ago 1 By any chance are you pasting the data into Excel at some step of your workflow? – slothrop 11 mins ago Add a comment | Related questions 1445 String formatting: % vs. .format vs. f-string literal 297 How to find all tables that have foreign keys that reference particular table.column and have values for those foreign keys? 504 How do I add indexes to MySQL tables? Related questions 1445 String formatting: % vs. .format vs. f-string literal 297 How to find all tables that have foreign keys that reference particular table.column and have values for those foreign keys? 504 How do I add indexes to MySQL tables? 399 Get the new record primary key ID from MySQL insert query? 364 What do lambda function closures capture? 0 SQL - is it possible to replace value in primary key for uuid? 137 Python SQL query string formatting 113 MySQL: Get column name or alias from query 0 How to change the value of my model's primary key? Load 6 more related questions Show fewer related questions 0 Sorted by: Reset to default Highest score (default) Trending (recent votes count more) Date modified (newest first) Date created (oldest first) Browse other questions tagged python mysql date or ask your own question. The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Hot Network Questions How to bevel curved objects with many sharp turns? Vertices of a regular dodecahedron Combine 1,3,3,7 to get 10 Does one need to buy tickets in advance for Deutsche Bahn train? Dynamically Linking a Proprietary Module to a GPL-Covered Library (C/C++) Is it too much to create a book cover for a potential book for an interview? Am I using the chi-squared test correctly? Reasoning about CwFs in a proof assistant Is my employer allowed to make me work without pay? Is there evidence of a pagan temple on the site of the Jewish Temple in Jerusalem that predated the Jewish Temple? Is there a good reason for the IRS to seize ATF 4473 Forms? What academic evidence is there of the pronunciation of gn as ɲn in Vulgar Latin? Why are Search & Rescue aircraft looking for the OceanGate Titan submarine not visible on ADS-B Exchange? How to deal with an enthusiastic new player who's interrupting others? aka, How to gently teach "improv etiquette"? Does there exist a field where all even degree equations have solutions but not all odd degree equations? Why "previously learned knowledge" is a natural phrase in English, although "learn knowledge" is not? Why is auto keyword useful for compiler-writers in C? What minimum versions of operating systems and browsers are compatible with Google-managed SSL certificates? Short story involving a future in which janitors run the world Word for the collectively leadership and important roles in a society Safe to remove plastic chainring cover? Magnetic field changes induced by vibrating electric guitar string Algebraically closed fields with only finite orbits Up and up they go more hot questions default Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings