Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) - Stack Overflow Blog Essays, opinions, and advice on the act of computer programming from Stack Overflow. Search for: Latest Newsletter Podcast Company se-stackoverflow June 23, 2023 Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Syed Hamid, founder and CEO of no-code test automation platform Sofy, joins Ben and Ryan to talk about scriptless automation, why his platform targets mobile app developers, and what he learned in nearly two decades at Microsoft. Eira May Senior Content Marketer Syed Hamid, founder and CEO of no-code test automation platform Sofy, joins Ben and Ryan to talk about scriptless automation, why his platform targets mobile app developers, and what he learned in nearly two decades at Microsoft. Episode notes: Sofy is a no-code test automation platform for mobile apps. SofySense is their OpenAI-powered AI assistant. See what they’re up to on their blog or check out their open roles. One of the biggest challenges in testing is deciding whether to use mock or live data. Interested in reading about how Stack Overflow is building up our test coverage? Syed is on LinkedIn. Congrats to Lifeboat badge winner Todd A. Jacobs for interceding between the question How can I check whether a string is an integer in Ruby? and the relentless march of time. TRANSCRIPT Tags: ai, application testing, automation, mobile development, no code, testing, the stack overflow podcast Related newsletter May 26, 2023 The Overflow #179: Brag about your code MVC in the WWW, radioactive dryers, and the 11ty bundle. Ryan Donovan and Cassidy Williams se-stackoverflow June 20, 2023 Stress test your code as you write it (Ep. 581) Itamar Friedman, CEO and cofounder of CodiumAI, and Kyle Mitofsky, a Senior Software Engineer on Stack Overflow’s public platform, join the home team for a conversation about code integrity and how AI tools are changing the way developers work. Eira May Senior Content Marketer se-stackoverflow March 7, 2023 “Move fast and break things” doesn’t apply to other people’s savings (Ep. 545) Christine Ryu, Engineering Lead at fintech platform Flourish, joins the home team to talk about how technology is transforming finance for everyone from big banks to individual consumers. Christine explains what it’s like to move from Goldman Sachs to a tiny startup, how legacy tech stacks lead to Frankencode, and what an acquisition taught her about build vs. buy and good vs. perfect. Eira May Senior Content Marketer newsletter June 16, 2023 The Overflow #182: Self-healing code Coding with ADHD, false proofs, and tech debt. Ryan Donovan and Cassidy Williams Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment * Name * Email * Website Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. Δ This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed. © 2023 All Rights Reserved. Proudly powered by WordPress Stack Overflow About Press Work Here Contact Us Questions Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Policies Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Channels Blog Podcast Newsletter Twitter LinkedIn Instagram