Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to) flag such content? - Meta Stack Overflow Stack Overflow Loading… Back to Stack Overflow Return to the main site Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have What's Meta? How Meta is different from the main site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company, and our products. current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to) flag such content? Ask Question Asked 23 days ago Modified 13 days ago Viewed 18k times 157 A post announcing new policy regarding AI Generated content was posted to the network-wide meta: What is the network policy regarding AI Generated content?. However, so far I haven't seen any announcements regarding changes in the local Stack Overflow policy: Temporary policy: ChatGPT is banned. My understanding is that the new policy only applies to moderators banning users that create answers with GPT/AI-generated content. And we, humble users flagging such posts, are not affected in any way. However, the new policy post is not very clear on how it affects non-moderators. How does the new policy affect flagging, and what should a regular user change in their behavior regarding AI-generated answers? discussion featured chatgpt Share Follow edited Jun 1 at 5:43 Adriaan 17.7k66 gold badges3838 silver badges6161 bronze badges asked May 31 at 8:13 markalexmarkalex 6,85033 gold badges66 silver badges1616 bronze badges 4 57 Well, they tanked our ability to enforce it. We're probably gonna post an announcement and/or update the ban post soon (barring a strike preventing this), but we're still discussing internally (and having extensive discussions with CMs on the off chance they revert the policy) – Zoe is on strike Mod May 31 at 8:20 60 I look "forward" to seeing a huge volume of vomit being present on the site in the future. Personally, I enjoy eating my cornflakes in the morning while looking at s**t on my phone. This is just another sign of how out of touch the Stack Overflow/Exchange Staff are with the sites – Thom A May 31 at 8:23 1 "...are not affected in any way..." The flags are handled by moderators, so not directly affected, but for sure indirectly affected. – NoDataDumpNoContribution Jun 1 at 6:00 any update on this? is the company willing to back off at all? – Syed M. Sannan - on strike 2 days ago Add a comment | 3 Answers 3 Sorted by: Reset to default Highest score (default) Date modified (newest first) Date created (oldest first) 238 The policy is not clear. It has not yet been effectively communicated to moderators. Worse, the statements being made in public are rather different (in details, but critical details, specifically the ones we find most objectionable) from the statements that have been made to us in private. Obviously, the wrongheadedness of the policy announcement aside, the way this was [not] communicated to us and the whole manner in which it was enacted is one of the most frustrating and saddening things about it. So far, based on what we think we understand, the company has attempted to effectively forbid us from removing AI-generated content, except in very narrow circumstances. The entire SO mod team (at least, those who have been reached for comment) is profoundly against this, to the point of not being willing to comply with it. What we will actually do is still under discussion. But to specifically answer your question (besides confirming that it's really unclear and nobody really knows the real answer), yes, the official policy that was announced applies only to moderators and does not affect regular users who want to raise flags. We moderators don't know how we will handle such flags going forward. There are different strategies being proposed and discussed and even practiced internally. You may find your flags being handled in the same way as always, in a different way, or deferred. We cannot make any promises right now; we simply don't know. However, we (the moderator team) are not, at this time, officially asking for (or endorsing) users to alter their behavior in terms of what they are choosing to flag or, more generally, what their quality standards are. You should continue to flag content that you think is not appropriate and not suitable for the site, using your best judgment. It is the consensus of the mod team that regardless of what policies staff adopts, flags that are accurate and raised in good faith will not be declined by the moderator team. The only thing that we would say is that the company is correct about one general point: the AI detectors are not very accurate, and their "verdicts" need to be taken with a major heaping of salt. To quote myself, from messages I posted in various moderation/curation-focused chat rooms over the past couple of days: [A]s we [moderators] have in the past, we continue to advise caution in relying solely on "AI detector" tools, because these tools tend to produce results that are fairly inaccurate (e.g., false positives). Instead, please take into account other heuristics and use your natural intelligence. Policy discussions aside, these make for better and more accurate flags. And, of course, you should prepare your popcorn. May God have mercy on us all. Share Follow edited May 31 at 8:46 answered May 31 at 8:41 Cody Gray - on strikeModCody Gray - on strike 238k8484 gold badges704704 silver badges754754 bronze badges 21 70 All hail our AI overlords. Investment decisions are made by AI, which result in C-level E's being assigned by AI, who make their policies based on AI, who now start writing day-to-day operations based on what the AI says. It won't be long before you have to check [ ] Beep boop. I am a robot before you can post your answer, optionally followed by a mild P=NP test. – CodeCaster May 31 at 9:00 36 I've been eating popcorn since "Be Nice" became official policy. It was the very obvious beginning of a very slippery slope that we're now starting to see the end of. – Ian Kemp May 31 at 19:17 18 at least we can still downvote :') – starball May 31 at 21:27 72 I feel stressed about it as a casual outside observer - I really don't know how you mods continue the way you do. You have my thanks, FWIW. – takendarkk May 31 at 22:51 9 "It is my sad duty to inform you that as of Six A.M. this morning we are formally at war with the Kilrathi. God help us all." – user4581301 Jun 1 at 1:10 80 Thanks, @takendarkk. The stress level is... off the charts. I really don't know how we mods continue the way we do, either. Many of us are wondering right now, more than ever, why we bother. Hearing from users like you, who appreciate what we're doing, is actually quite meaningful, since you're the ones we're doing it for. Thank you for commenting. (Yeah, yeah, normally "thank you" comments are unwelcome, but this is Meta.) – Cody Gray - on strike Mod Jun 1 at 4:03 24 So it was you, @starball!! ;-) But yeah, sarcasm aside, the most critical, fundamental, impactful, and, unfortunately, underestimated content-moderation/curation tool (i.e., the downvote) is still allowed and we have no indications that its days are numbered. – Cody Gray - on strike Mod Jun 1 at 4:03 7 "Many of us are wondering right now, more than ever, why we bother." Yeah, a lot of us have been wondering about stuff like that since 2019. Some have been wondering since about 2012 or so. It really feels sometimes like Joel set out to make StackExchange as "Experts-Exchange without the evil" and succeeded for about three years... – Mason Wheeler Jun 1 at 18:16 7 @Mason Wheeler: Yes, it was extremely well designed, but they forgot to take the Eternal September event into account. It should be taken into account from the very beginning when someone designs the successor (as it is very hard to change after the fact). – Peter Mortensen Jun 1 at 18:56 17 Eternal September is a really hard problem to solve. When you get a flood of folks who do not give a <expletive deleted> about the site goals and just want their instant gratification, you really don't have a lot of options. Unfortunately the profit motive almost certainly means the wrong option from that limited pool will be chosen. – user4581301 Jun 1 at 19:03 53 The difference for me, @Mason, is that, as terrible as the company's decisions were back in 2019, they didn't do anything that prevented moderators or the community as a group from moderating their sites and otherwise maintaining quality content. (They prevented one specific mod from doing that, while also launching a public smear campaign against her, not unlike the current ongoing smear campaign on MSE that we're a bunch of blundering fools who have been misidentifying posts as GPT-generated and issuing biased suspensions, but that's not the same thing as stopping us from using mod tools.) – Cody Gray - on strike Mod Jun 2 at 10:17 7 There were a few questions I called out as looking like they were Markov chains years ago before being asked not to since they were more likely just very poorly written or the output of a translator. This is a similar problem. In the end I think it'll come down to the same solution. Downvote the bad content and wait for the server to ban the poster. Just pray that it doesn't fool enough people to start collecting upvotes. The only thing SO really has going for it is reviewed information. If that breaks down, the site's dead. – user4581301 Jun 2 at 19:58 23 I absolutely get their point about the detectors being (very) unreliable, but FFS, talk with the moderators about it rather than dropping a restrictive policy from on high. Moderators are the front line! And if SE, Inc is looking at the bottom line, they might want to add up the cost of either not having moderators (rapid descent into a cesspool) or having to pay people to do it (expensive, and the results won't be nearly so good). Sending all of you mods good thoughts. 🙏 – T.J. Crowder Jun 3 at 8:43 27 We – the community who has contributed the content and moderation and everything else that makes these sites what they are – are a key stakeholder in these Q&A sites. We were not consulted. Demanding to be consulted, respected, and treated like the stakeholders that we are is exactly what the strike is about. – Cody Gray - on strike Mod Jun 5 at 9:08 5 @BrockBrown, 1. mods don't delete "straight up incorrect answers", regardless of their origin. Such answers are subject for downvoting, and can be deleted bu users (vote to delete, >20k reputation), but are not subject for flagging/moderation. 2. I believe mods can act on post regarding other policies, for example spam or very low quality. But most chatGPT answers are not suitable for this: they have reasonable quality, while might contain incorrect information. Using "incorrect" deletion reasons (like VLQ or plagiarism) is said to be privately prohibited by SE. – markalex Jun 9 at 14:36 | Show 6 more comments 42 Ban them for plagiarism. People shouldn't be posting material they didn't write and passing it off as their own. If SE wants to take a pro-plagiarism stance, good luck to them. Share Follow answered Jun 3 at 17:54 hobbshobbs 221k1818 silver badges1616 bronze badges 19 1 Whether AIGC qualifies for plagiarism is totally up for interpretation by SO Inc. after all... – iBug Jun 3 at 18:03 13 I don't know for sure, but based on many mentions of differences between public and private announcement of new policy, I will speculate that deleting AI content as plagiarism was also clear-wordedly forbidden. – markalex Jun 3 at 18:17 3 See this comment by Cody – markalex Jun 3 at 18:20 6 Not sure this would solve things. Plagiarism hinges on knowing what source a post was plagiarised from. If relying on AI detectors is forbidden, then that's a problem no matter if posts are flagged for plagiarism or AI. It would be a shame to see actual plagiarism get shadowed by AI. – MisterMiyagi Jun 3 at 18:25 @MisterMiyagi I think there are two differentl levels of potential plagiarism. The first level is done by the user who pretends to write his own answer while in fact it was generated by AI. I think there is no doubt that this should be flagged. But this could be avoided by the user by simply posting AI generated answers as community wiki answers and clearly stating that they are AI generated. The potential plagiarism that is commited by AI is the second level. There it is harder to judge how much plagiarism is involved. But up to a certain degree one can persuade AI to cite original sources. – Sebastian Jun 5 at 6:57 4 @Sebastian I'm not saying it is not plagiarism. I'm saying it cannot be flagged as plagiarism because there is no way to say where it was plagiarised from. – MisterMiyagi Jun 5 at 7:15 @MisterMiyagi At the same (admittedly somewhat unrelieable) level as it was possible to detect AI generated messages on SO so far (they were banned after all), it is possible to say it was "plagiarised from this AI" (the first level of plagiraism that I ment). For the other level (if and where AI plagiarised from) I agree that there seems to be no way to tell... – Sebastian Jun 5 at 9:08 1 @Sebastian The means by which "it was possible to detect AI generated messages on SO so far" have been prohibited to be used. As far as I understood the announcements and comments, this applies to all purposes of flagging the content. So even for plagiarism, they cannot be used to say "this was plagiarised from an AI". – MisterMiyagi Jun 5 at 9:52 @Sebastian I don't think it's reasonable to draw any link between AI-generated posts being banned and the ability to detect them. They could be banned on principle even if there were no way to detect them - plenty of precedent in actual laws around the world for this. – Mr. Boy Jun 6 at 9:31 I'm pretty sure a regular user, regardless of reputation level, doesn't have the capability to ban other users. So it's hard to see how this answers the question that was asked. – Toby Speight Jun 8 at 6:41 3 @TobySpeight, I believe hobbs meant flag mentioned post as plagiarism (and for mods in turn to ban based on that). But that position doesn't hold: SE has pretty strict position regarding plagiarism proof. You should provide evidence of plagiarism: link that will contain original content, that was plagiarized. For chatGPT it is not feasible. And if we going to ignore SE's rules, we can simply keep flagging (and mods banning) as it was before new policy. – markalex Jun 8 at 6:49 2 @iBug see Slate (a CM staff)'s post here: "as detailed in answer to: "Is attribution required for machine-generated text when posting on Stack Exchange?", we do consider AI generated content to be "the work of others" and the requirements for referencing must be followed for all such content on the network." – starball Jun 10 at 2:51 1 I dont care if the answer came from some AI system. I DO care its accurate and helpful. If as users, we keep flagging and downvoting inaccurate and unhelpful answers while voting up answers that actually helped then eventually the rubbish SHOULD disappear. – JohnnyJP Jun 12 at 9:01 2 @JohnnyJP - I've seen people upvote and even select AI generated answers. And in all 3 cases the answers seemed good even though they were wrong. In the past I was able to flag these users who were bulk posting AI content and it was removed. Yet, under the new (hidden) policy this rubbish no longer disappears. – Yogi Jun 13 at 17:55 1 @krish the one that says very few developers trust them to be accurate? – Ryan M - Regenerate response Mod Jun 16 at 4:41 | Show 4 more comments 9 The company alleged change in policy on AI-generated content should perhaps take into account fast changing regulatory environment... Serving unlabeled AI-generated content to the European market can soon get a company fined, GDPR-style (search for instance for "european commission wants clear labelling of ai generated content") Share Follow answered Jun 9 at 14:25 mirekphdmirekphd 4,42155 silver badges88 bronze badges 3 5 There is no change in the policy regarding the AI-generated content itself. The change is in what mods are permitted to do to identify that content and how they penalise the posters of such content. – PM 2Ring Jun 11 at 0:20 3 That particular headline seems to be Information Week, which has a rather pesky advertisement wall before the actual content. Perhaps see instead techcrunch.com/2023/06/06/… – tripleee Jun 12 at 6:59 2 That might as well become the deciding factor. If SE has a choice between losing users and making mods angry, users get priority because users=traffic=money, while mods are taken for granted. But if it becomes a choice between losing a few users or paying up to 6% of global annual turnover in misinformation fines, clear labelling of AI-generated content suddenly gets priority. – Dmitry Grigoryev Jun 19 at 14:15 Add a comment | You must log in to answer this question. Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged discussion featured chatgpt . Welcome! This site is intended for bugs, features, and discussion of Stack Overflow and the software that powers it. You must have an account on Stack Overflow to participate. Help The Overflow Blog Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Featured Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Visit chat Linked 3792 Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned 108 Discussion: New AI-generated content policy Related 97 2018: a year in moderation 3792 Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned 79 What should I do if I suspect that a question or answer is written by ChatGPT? 130 New help center article and banner on the site about GPT-Generated content 15 How long will the ChatGPT-ban banner (2022-12-08) be visible? 40 Should I flag comments that are encouraging OP to use ChatGPT to write their code? Hot Network Questions failed pt-online-schema-change left behind triggers. How to delete? Electrical - Ground used a Neutral An interesting trigonometric integral How does population size impact the precision of the results Is there a good reason for the IRS to seize ATF 4473 Forms? Why is the use of enemy flags, insignia, uniforms and emblems forbidden in international humanitarian law? Why "previously learned knowledge" is a natural phrase in English, although "learn knowledge" is not? What telescope is Polish astronomer Kazimierz Kordylewski holding in this April 1964 photo at the Jagiellonian University Observatory in Krakow? What do I do with a desk whose varnish has worn away, and doesn't allow my mouse to work smoothly? Does rebooting a phone daily increase your phone's security? Problems in NP with non-trivial certificate Is humor unacceptable in referee reports? How to bevel curved objects with many sharp turns? Is there evidence of a pagan temple on the site of the Jewish Temple in Jerusalem that predated the Jewish Temple? Is it too much to create a book cover for a potential book for an interview? What's the oldest story where someone teleports into a solid or liquid? InterpolationOrder creates a sharp valley even if I increase the number of points. How to have a smooth curve? 16 month old wants to co sleep, won’t sleep alone Why is rock or metal often cold to the touch but wood or plastic is not? Why is auto keyword useful for compiler-writers in C? SFDX: exports.getOrgApiVersion is not a function Word for the collectively leadership and important roles in a society What are Astral Diamonds made of? Can I add a second occupant to a hotel room at check-in? more hot questions Question feed Subscribe to RSS Question feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Meta Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43508 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings