Explore all Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Grow your community Looking for help? Explore all Collectives Collectives™ helps you find trusted answers faster, engage with product experts, and share knowledge around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives R Language 4k members Join A collective where data scientists and AI researchers gather to find, share, and learn about R and other subtags like knitr and dplyr. CI/CD 5k members Join A collective where developers focused on continuous integration, delivery, and deployment can find, share, and learn about simultaneous development. AWS 13k members Join Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform, offering over 200 fully featured services from data centers globally. The AWS Collective is a community-driven site with resources for developers. Microsoft Azure 9k members Join On-premises, hybrid, multicloud, or at the edge—build on your terms with best-in-class tools, your favorite open-source frameworks and languages, and a platform that supports continuous collaboration and delivery with Azure. WSO2 5k members Join WSO2 solutions give enterprises the flexibility to deploy applications and services on-premises, on private or public clouds, or in hybrid environments. Our collective aims to enable developers to build value-added services and get to market faster. Twilio 9k members Join Twilio has democratized channels like voice, text, chat, video, and email by virtualizing the world’s communications infrastructure through APIs that are simple enough for any developer, yet robust enough to power the world’s most demanding applications. Google Cloud 43k members Join Google Cloud provides organizations with leading infrastructure, platform capabilities and industry solutions to help them solve their most critical business problems. Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings