Google Cloud Collective - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up How are we doing? Please help us improve Google Cloud. Take our short survey Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Collectives™ on Stack Overflow – Centralized & trusted content around the technologies you use the most. Learn more about Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Would you recommend Google Cloud? Take our short survey Google Cloud Collective Google Cloud provides organizations with leading infrastructure, platform capabilities and industry solutions to help them solve their most critical business problems. google-cloud-tools google-cloud-data-fusion firebase-test-lab google-cloud-debugger see all 186 associated tags 323.1k Questions +597 10.8k Answers recommended 15 Articles 43.1k Members +307 Join collective Overview Questions Articles Bulletins Members Navigate pages Overview Questions Articles Bulletins Members Website Contact Twitter Facebook Instagram Website Website Contact Contact Twitter Twitter Facebook Facebook Instagram Instagram Can you answer these questions? View all unanswered questions These questions still don't have an answer 0 votes 0 answers 4 views Firebase notification on locked screen does not display on Android Firebase notification with React native works perfectly fine in: Foreground state Background state Quit state The problem occurs when the Android device is on locked screen, The phone vibrates and ... firebase react-native firebase-cloud-messaging android-notifications Musti 1 asked 29 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 3 views local postgresql connection to looker studio I am trying to connect my local postgressl database to looker studio using the address localhost, But apparently that can't be done. How can I connect to looker and keep my db local? I tried to ... postgresql localhost looker-studio mahmoud belhaj 1 asked 53 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 7 views Jenkins low resources usage on compute engine I am currently utilizing a VM Instance provided by Google Compute Engine, specifically the e2-standard-4 instance (4 vCPUs and 8 GB of RAM), as my Jenkins controller. The pipeline I am running ... jenkins google-compute-engine gcloud Arrstad 55 asked 1 hour ago -1 votes 0 answers 15 views How to solve golang fatal error: concurrent map write I am using google pubsub to publish a lot of records which is happening concurrently, but after few dozens of publishes, I get an error : concurrent map write. I have read that I am suppose to use ... dictionary go concurrency google-cloud-pubsub fatal-error David 1 modified 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 7 views bitbucket pipeline python appengine suddently started failing All of a sudden bitbucket pipeline started failing getting below error DEBUG: Operation [apps/$PROJECT/operations/sdfdf-bec2-4da5-b215-475a43ebdd77] not complete. Waiting to retry. Updating service [... python-3.x google-app-engine bitbucket-pipelines Md. Parvez Alam 4,275 asked 2 hours ago Looking for an extra challenge? View all bountied questions These questions have a bounty on them 2 votes 1 answer 29 views +100 Prometheus Adapter - Problem with Custom Metrics ( FailedDiscoveryCheck) In my project, I am trying to implement custom metrics to support HPA in K8S. With this guide Prometheus Custom Metrics Adapter step by step I prepare code and implement into my cluster (only ... kubernetes google-kubernetes-engine prometheus kubectl prometheus-adapter DanF 309 answered 11 hours ago 1 vote 2 answers 52 views +100 Firebase Cloud Function to trigger Firebase Messaging not sending Notification I want to send a PushNotification via Cloud Messaging when a document is added inside a collection of a user called notifications. I am saving the token for the user as suggested in the docs in a ... node.js google-cloud-firestore google-cloud-functions firebase-cloud-messaging Chris 1,575 modified just now 0 votes 1 answer 27 views +50 angular fire auth with ionic 7 causes NullInjectorError: No provider for InjectionToken angularfire2.app.options I am using ionic 7 and angular fire for authentication using firebase. Lot of code on the internet uses older way of app.module.ts which is no longer the way. So, i created a new firebase.module as ... angular firebase ionic-framework firebase-authentication ionic7 Moblize IT 1,148 modified yesterday 0 votes 1 answer 101 views +500 Possible to 'catch' an error in a SQL udf? BigQuery mentions that you cannot use the SAFE. prefix on udf's: https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/reference/standard-sql/functions-reference#safe_prefix. Is there a way then to catch an error in ... sql google-bigquery berat 57 modified 2 days ago 0 votes 0 answers 45 views +50 Converting Chrome Extension to Manifest V3 - Firestore Hi I am trying to convert this Chrome Extension to manifest V3. I worked for a few hours and finally one by one got the error messages taken care of but now when I refresh to extension and open the ... javascript firebase google-cloud-firestore google-chrome-extension chrome-extension-manifest-v3 Russell Hertel 63 modified yesterday Recommended answers View all recommended answers These answers have been recommended 0 votes 1 answer 5 views What is the correct way to add roles to existing users with Firebase authentication? I am adding admin and user roles to an existing Firebase application that already has users with authentication. In the Authentication section there is no way to add custom roles to an existing user. ... firebase authentication firebase-authentication google-oauth Frank van Puffelen 558k answered 1 hour ago Answer Firebase Authentication only handles authentication, so letting the user prove that they are who they say they are. On its own it has no component that does authorization, so nothing about providing ... View answer Frank van Puffelen 558k answered 1 hour ago 0 votes 1 answer 10 views Firebase gives fatal error when importing getDatabase() I'm new to JS, and have tried to figure out the error by digigng into it and reasearched other quesitons about Firebase on StackOverflow, without finding any solution. I'm trying to implement a ... javascript firebase firebase-realtime-database web-applications Frank van Puffelen 558k answered 1 hour ago Answer From the error message it looks like you have settings like this: const appSettings = { databaseURL: "https://<your-project>.<domain>/PATH/TO/DATA" } That is not correct ... View answer Frank van Puffelen 558k answered 1 hour ago 0 votes 1 answer 17 views Is it possible to have a race condition when composing into the same destination object in GCS Let's say I have the following scenario: There are two processes running at the exact same time. Both create temporary files and attempt to append them, via compose, to a shared destination file. ... google-cloud-platform google-cloud-storage Brayden 155 modified 10 hours ago Answer The Compose API has an optional query parameter to control object creation: Setting ifGenerationMatch to 0 makes the operation succeed only if there is no live destination object Objects: compose In ... View answer John Hanley 73k answered 11 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 10 views How to count the documents in a firestore collection without retrieving the entire collection? [duplicate] I'm using the following code to retrieve a random document from a firestore collection: collection = db.collection('Items') total_docs = collection.count().get()[0][0].value random_offset ... python firebase google-cloud-firestore Nick Felker 11.5k answered 15 hours ago Answer One approach you can take is normalizing your collection into a single doc. Essentially, you create a new doc within Items called _index or something of the sort. This can have a field called count ... View answer Nick Felker 11.5k answered 15 hours ago -1 votes 1 answer 10 views It's possible create a dataset in document ai processor and import documents via python API? It's possible, to do the steps in the below guide, using the Python API? I saw some documentation about creating processors and training processors via Python API. But, none about creating the dataset ... machine-learning nlp cloud-document-ai Holt Skinner 1,340 answered 14 hours ago Answer Similar answer as Train a custom classifier on Document AI through API There's not currently an exposed API method to create datasets, import documents, or label documents. This all must be done ... View answer Holt Skinner 1,340 answered 14 hours ago See what's trending View all trending questions These are the most active questions in Google Cloud Collective 560 votes 31 answers 590k views How to handle notification when app in background in Firebase Here is my manifest: <service android:name=".fcm.PshycoFirebaseMessagingServices"> <intent-filter> <action android:name="com.google.firebase.MESSAGING_EVENT&... android firebase firebase-cloud-messaging Hamid Raza Goraya 139 modified Mar 27 at 11:41 568 votes 28 answers 183k views google-services.json for different productFlavors Update: GCM is deprecated, use FCM I'm implementing the new Google Cloud Messaging following the guides from the Google Developers page here I've successfully run and test it. But my problem now is ... android google-cloud-messaging google-play-services Randika Vishman 7,953 modified Apr 11, 2022 at 15:41 464 votes 28 answers 352k views No Firebase App '[DEFAULT]' has been created - call Firebase.initializeApp() in Flutter and Firebase I am building a Flutter application and I have integrated Firebase, but I keep getting this error when I click on a button either to register, login, or logout. I have seen other people have asked the ... firebase flutter android-studio dart google-cloud-firestore KiriLL Sabko 61 answered Jun 17 at 11:01 345 votes 36 answers 358k views Default FirebaseApp is not initialized We're seeing a few exceptions with the message Default FirebaseApp is not initialized in this process com.example.app. Make sure to call FirebaseApp.initializeApp(Context) first. in our Android app in ... android firebase-remote-config J. Doe 12.6k modified Apr 24 at 13:58 257 votes 50 answers 221k views Flutter and google_sign_in plugin: PlatformException(sign_in_failed, com.google.android.gms.common.api.ApiException: 10: , null) The dialog (Google form) for the credentials is opened successfully, but after I fill my credentials I'm getting this error. I followed the instructions from here. Created a Firebase project, enabled ... firebase flutter dart firebase-authentication google-signin habeshacoder 59 answered May 27 at 13:01 Learn something new View all articles These are the most recent articles in Google Cloud Collective 2 votes 102 views 2 minute read Knowledge article Why might I be seeing a reCaptcha when doing Phone Auth? If you've built (or used) an Android app that uses Firebase Authentication recently, you may have noticed a reCaptcha popup to verify that you are NOT a robot. What's going on here? Why do you see ... flutter firebase firebase-authentication Alexander N. 1,438 created May 4 at 15:26 0 votes 84 views 1 minute read Knowledge article Why to choose Serverless Microservices? Serverless microservices are cloud-based services using serverless functions to complete a specific role in the application. Serverless computing is basically a method of providing backend-managed ... google-cloud-platform lambda microservices Srinivas 99 created Mar 10 at 0:43 -4 votes 169 views 1 minute read Knowledge article Google Cloud Arcade | Arcade Event By Google in association with Qwiklabs | From past recent years, there is a new category of events been started by Google to encourage the technocrats regarding the cloud platform , ... google-cloud-platform google-cloud-storage Veer 7 created Mar 9 at 4:52 -3 votes 278 views 3 minute read Knowledge article Limiting costs on BigQuery and Looker — Batch and Stream analytics There are a few options on how to address high costs on BigQuery and Looker, and that’s what I’ll be going through in this post What lead me to write this? I was trying to limit costs on an ETL ... google-cloud-platform google-bigquery cost-management looker Renato Cesar de Oliveira 1 created Nov 30, 2022 at 17:20 4 votes 176 views 2 minute read How-to guide Offline file upload with Firebase Offline file sync with Firebase Main goal Let the user add files/images to Firebase Storage regardless of network connection. The UX should let the user see the files added immediately in the UI. The ... flutter firebase google-cloud-firestore storage Tarik Huber 6,981 created Nov 19, 2022 at 2:48 Collectives on Stack Overflow: a subcommunity defined by tags to help you find trusted answers faster and share knowledge with the community. Get started with collectives Join collective Explore collective features Read your first bulletin Check out the leaderboard Learn about the different roles Discover recommended answers See all collectives AVERAGE RESPONSE RATE (within 24 hours) 32% Help improve the percentage by Answering questions LEADERBOARD POSITION Join the collective and see where you rank to compete Recognized Members (140) Users who are recognized as subject matter experts within this collective. Frank van Puffelen scored +571 answering questions this week guillaume blaquiere +233 John Hanley +225 Riccardo +10 Dagang +10 View all 140 Recognized Members Top tags firebase × 140474 questions google-app-engine × 47617 questions google-app-engine × 47617 questions google-cloud-platform × 46201 questions google-cloud-firestore × 41146 questions View all 186 tags Members can contribute articles Simply submit a proposal, get it approved by a Recognized Member, and publish it. See how the process works Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings