AWS Collective - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up How are we doing? Please help us improve AWS. Take our short survey Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Collectives™ on Stack Overflow – Centralized & trusted content around the technologies you use the most. Learn more about Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Would you recommend AWS? Take our short survey AWS Collective Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform, offering over 200 fully featured services from data centers globally. The AWS Collective is a community-driven site with resources for developers. amazon-lightsail amazon-kinesis-video-streams amazon-swf aws-iot-core see all 196 associated tags 246k Questions +581 212 Answers recommended 7 Articles 13.4k Members +358 Join collective Overview Questions Articles Bulletins Members Navigate pages Overview Questions Articles Bulletins Members Website Contact Twitter Facebook Instagram GitHub Website Website Contact Contact Twitter Twitter Facebook Facebook Instagram Instagram GitHub GitHub Pinned Bulletins View all 7 bulletins AWS has some news to share Bulletin 1 min read 100 views Tell us how we are doing in the AWS Collective amazon-web-services Can you answer these questions? View all unanswered questions These questions still don't have an answer 0 votes 0 answers 7 views AWS CDK how to build the container image on AWS (and not locally) My problem: I'm using a Windows laptop and I'm hesitant to install Docker. I could use WSL/Ubuntu, but I don't want to build the the docker image locally. My broadband connectivity is also not the ... amazon-web-services docker aws-cdk Juergen 699 asked 22 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 5 views Performance issues with Neptune gremlin query We have an analysis project for which we are using neptune db. Configuration: db.r5d.24xlarge 96 cores 768G memory. It contains around 50 million vertices and 500 million edges. Vertices have id, name ... java amazon-web-services gremlin amazon-neptune tinkerpop3 popcoder 2,922 asked 24 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 9 views How AWS WAF detects origin IP? AWS doc says that By default, AWS WAF uses the IP address from the web request origin. But it doesn't say how it is done. Does WAF check each TCP/IP packet for source address? Or is it done by some ... amazon-web-services tcp ip amazon-waf aatwork 2,120 asked 34 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 7 views Python AWS Lambda throwing endpoint request timed out when tested via API Gateway I have created an AWS Lambda function for my Python module using the below Terraform code: resource "aws_lambda_function" "api_lambda" { function_name = local.lambda_name ... amazon-web-services terraform terraform-provider-aws Marko E 11.8k modified 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 10 views Issue with rabbitMQ automatic consumer recovery during amazonMQ maintenance window We are using the RabbitMQ cluster broker of AmazonMQ service from AWS. Some consumers of a few queues are not able to recover or get stuck during the maintenance window. RabbitMQ Broker engine version:... java rabbitmq spring-amqp spring-rabbit amazon-mq Freshpipe 1 modified 1 hour ago Looking for an extra challenge? View all bountied questions These questions have a bounty on them 0 votes 1 answer 106 views +50 AWS python docker base image via gitlab pipeline raises error I have followed the offical documentation for using the AWS base python recommended image but I am getting an unexpected error which is related to non-aws base python docker images. I did a POC where ... python amazon-web-services docker RushHour 472 modified 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 46 views +50 Why are my React Testing Library tests so slow? My workplace has largish single page application, it was built in 2020 and uses Create React App for the build tool. Unfortunately, nearly every component takes an excessive amount of time to test. ... reactjs jestjs create-react-app aws-amplify react-testing-library mjwils 394 modified 1 hour ago -2 votes 1 answer 50 views +100 ECR Lifecycle policies do not delete anymore It seems like ECR is broken - anyone else experiencing this? Lifecycle policies just stopped working: image layers are not in use rules work when tested I can delete manually I noticed this due to ... amazon-web-services amazon-ecr baduker 18.7k modified Jun 19 at 7:56 0 votes 0 answers 33 views +50 RDS MySQL to DMS CDC fails after running for some time I'm having trouble with my AWS DMS setup. The RDS used as source is MySQL. I have enabled the binlogging, set the retention to 168 and set innodb_flush_log_at_trx_commit to 1. I have a DMS replication ... amazon-web-services amazon-rds database-replication aws-dms chocho.boss 75 modified Jun 20 at 10:43 0 votes 1 answer 121 views +50 Serverless Invalid Parameter, but the Parameter doesn't exist I have an SNS FilterPolicy, and according to AWS docs, no filterPolicyScope is required. If it is not set, the default is MessageAttributes, it says. And this is how I have had it for quite some time ... amazon-web-services aws-cloudformation serverless serverless-framework amazon-sns Gregory Ledray 955 answered 13 hours ago Recommended answers View all recommended answers These answers have been recommended 0 votes 1 answer 21 views What are the benefits for AWS Lambda Functions Using Serverless Framework on Single JAR vs Multiple JARs I’ve been working on deploying a few AWS Lambda functions using the Serverless Framework and have a couple of questions regarding the organization of my deployment packages. I understand that it’s ... aws-lambda serverless serverless-framework Dennis Traub 50.1k answered 19 hours ago Answer Accepted If you deploy one JAR, the entire JAR is being loaded into the runtime. This is not much of an issue if it's rather small or has only a few dependencies. However, it can become an issue once the JAR ... View answer Dennis Traub 50.1k answered 19 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 7 views whitelisting public load balancer to specific IPs For the time being I don't want anyone to be able to access my apps on convox rack. But I do want to put it into production. Is the whitelist parameter on a rack the way to do this? https://docsv2.... load-balancing amazon-elb convox Dennis Traub 50.1k answered 21 hours ago Answer I'm not sure about convox, but if you have access to the AWS account running the load balancer, you can modify the inbound rules of the load balancer's security group to restrict HTTP/S access to ... View answer Dennis Traub 50.1k answered 21 hours ago 0 votes 2 answers 21 views Update lambda function environment variables using api I got error {message: 'Missing Authentication Token'} . how can i fix issue ? const AWS_REGION = 'myREGION'; const FUNCTION_NAME = 'myfn'; const ACCESS_KEY = 'myACCESS_KEY'; const SECRET_KEY = '... amazon-web-services aws-lambda lambda lambda-authorizer Dennis Traub 50.1k answered 22 hours ago Answer It's not enough to send the credentials as part of the request header. To directly access the AWS API, you need to sign the request with your credentials. Having that said, I would strongly recommend ... View answer Dennis Traub 50.1k answered 22 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 22 views Benefit of BYOL vs AWS provided licenses Assuming that I have several launched EC2 instances that run Windows, SQL Server with AWS provided licenses. It means I don't have to pay for license. Is there any benefit to BYOL from on-premise to ... amazon-web-services Dennis Traub 50.1k modified 23 hours ago Answer Assuming that I have several launched EC2 instances that run Windows, SQL Server with AWS provided licenses. It means I don't have to pay for license. You pay for the licenses if you run Windows ... View answer Dennis Traub 50.1k answered 23 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 15 views Passing Data from Parent to Child AWS Step Functions: Invalid Arn: 'Resource type not valid in this context: execution' I am trying to initiate a child step function from a parent, and am struggling with getting the execution ARN to be recognised by the child step function. Have been following this guidance, as well as ... amazon-web-services aws-lambda aws-step-functions Justin Callison 1,064 answered 22 hours ago Answer It appears you are using an Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for a [Step Functions][1] Execution resource: arn:aws:states:eu-west-1:{MY-ACCOUNT}:execution:ParentStateMachine-Aged-Credentials. The [... View answer Justin Callison 1,064 answered 22 hours ago See what's trending View all trending questions These are the most active questions in AWS Collective 957 votes 43 answers 673k views "UNPROTECTED PRIVATE KEY FILE!" Error using SSH into Amazon EC2 Instance (AWS) [closed] I've created a new linux instance on Amazon EC2, and as part of that downloaded the .pem file to allow me to SSH in. When I tried to ssh with: ssh -i myfile.pem <public dns> I got: @@@@@@@@@@@@@... amazon-web-services authentication ssh amazon-ec2 permissions Kof 23.7k modified Apr 28 at 10:16 1026 votes 36 answers 783k views Downloading an entire S3 bucket? I noticed that there does not seem to be an option to download an entire s3 bucket from the AWS Management Console. Is there an easy way to grab everything in one of my buckets? I was thinking about ... amazon-web-services amazon-s3 aws-cli Harsh Manvar 26.2k modified Mar 15 at 20:19 1171 votes 15 answers 242k views Why do people use Heroku when AWS is present? What distinguishes Heroku from AWS? [closed] I'm a beginner RoR programmer who's planning to deploy my app using Heroku. Word from my other advisor friends says that Heroku is really easy, good to use. The only problem is that I still have no ... ruby-on-rails heroku amazon-web-services Abdullah Khawer 4,257 modified Jan 11 at 15:30 453 votes 35 answers 295k views How to get an AWS EC2 instance ID from within that EC2 instance? How can I find out the instance id of an ec2 instance from within the ec2 instance? amazon-ec2 amazon-web-services qoomon 4,389 answered Mar 29 at 12:53 443 votes 32 answers 450k views Get filename and path from URI from mediastore I have an onActivityResult returning from an mediastore image selection which I can get a URI for an image using the following: Uri selectedImage = data.getData(); Converting this to a string gives ... android uri absolute-path aws-mediaservices aws-mediastore grebulon 7,637 modified Mar 17, 2022 at 7:59 Learn something new View all articles These are the most recent articles in AWS Collective 4 votes 215 views 1 minute read How-to guide Always-on access for your data in Amazon S3, using cross-Region replication and Multi-Region Access Points (MRAP) To improve durability of your data in the cloud, you should replicate it to multiple locations. For data in Amazon S3, it is automatically stored across multiple devices spanning a minimum of three ... amazon-web-services amazon-s3 resiliency automatic-failover Seth E 937 created May 15 at 0:52 1 vote 321 views 8 minute read How-to guide Building a CRUD Application in Go for Amazon OpenSearch If you ever need to build an application for intensive searching of data, use a database that is optimized for this use case. OpenSearch is a great example of database for this. Its a real-time ... amazon-web-services go opensearch amazon-opensearch Ricardo Ferreira 1,176 created May 10 at 23:25 3 votes 326 views 3 minute read Knowledge article Local development, testing, and debugging of serverless applications defined in Terraform using AWS SAM CLI One question we hear from developers using Terraform and AWS Lambda functions is how to locally test the Lambda function. Here’s a great example — I have a simple terraform file with a Lambda function.... aws-lambda terraform aws-sam aws-sam-cli Julie 113 created Feb 27 at 20:21 6 votes 1k views 6 minute read How-to guide Deploying a Kafka Connect connector on Amazon MSK Connect using Terraform Apache Kafka has been growing in popularity as the de facto way to share streams of events with different systems. While Kafka itself provides the perfect durable log-based storage for events; Kafka ... amazon-web-services terraform aws-msk aws-msk-connect Ricardo Ferreira 1,176 created Feb 8 at 16:13 4 votes 860 views 8 minute read How-to guide Deploying an Apache Kafka Cluster on Amazon MSK using Terraform Long gone are the days where developers would write code to process data only in batches. In the modern landscape of applications, the use of streaming data to capture and process streams of events as ... amazon-web-services apache-kafka terraform aws-msk Ricardo Ferreira 1,176 created Feb 7 at 16:46 Collectives on Stack Overflow: a subcommunity defined by tags to help you find trusted answers faster and share knowledge with the community. Get started with collectives Join collective Explore collective features Read your first bulletin Check out the leaderboard Learn about the different roles Discover recommended answers See all collectives AVERAGE RESPONSE RATE (within 24 hours) 28% Help improve the percentage by Answering questions LEADERBOARD POSITION Join the collective and see where you rank to compete Recognized Members (32) Users who are recognized as subject matter experts within this collective. Michael - sqlbot scored +190 answering questions this week Chris Williams +60 Seth E +30 Ben Whaley +20 Dennis Traub +15 View all 32 Recognized Members Top tags amazon-web-services × 153167 questions amazon-s3 × 49612 questions amazon-ec2 × 36292 questions aws-lambda × 30189 questions amazon-dynamodb × 13652 questions View all 196 tags Recent Bulletins AWS Step Functions launches Versions and Aliases Tell us how we are doing in the AWS Collective Register for the Free and Virtual AWS Amplify Hackathon View all 7 bulletins Members can contribute articles Simply submit a proposal, get it approved by a Recognized Member, and publish it. See how the process works Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings