Newest 'c#' Questions - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Questions tagged [c#] Ask Question C# (pronounced "see sharp") is a high-level, statically typed, multi-paradigm programming language developed by Microsoft. C# code usually targets Microsoft's .NET family of tools and run-times, which include .NET, .NET Framework, .NET MAUI, and Xamarin among others. Use this tag for questions about code written in C# or about C#'s formal specification. Learn more… Top users Synonyms (6) 1,594,847 questions Newest Active Bountied 4 Unanswered More Bountied 4 Unanswered Frequent Score Unanswered (my tags) Filter Filter by No answers No accepted answer Has bounty Sorted by Newest Recent activity Highest score Most frequent Bounty ending soon Tagged with My watched tags The following tags: Apply filter Cancel 0 votes 1 answer 9 views How to add audio to a video using sharpAVI I am trying to add audio to a video that I am creating from the image sequence. I am setup the sharpAVI as follows: var audioFileName = Path.Combine(m_rootDir, "audio", "v1.wav"); ... c# audio video video-processing sharpavi mans 17k asked 20 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 4 views Creating/Assigning Roles, Claims and Policies in Active Directory to users I need to create a leave system(Blazor Server App) that uses windows authentication. I need to restrict users based on their roles or policies. I also need to specify a user which will be the person ... c# active-directory authorization .net-6.0 blazor-server-side Joshua Dhanapalan 1 asked 21 mins ago 0 votes 1 answer 9 views MongoDB C# driver update to 2.19.2 throws "InvalidCastException" I'm having a linq query which fetches the enum data from database and it throws the following exception Unable to cast object of type 'MongoDB.Bson.Serialization.Serializers.Int32Serializer' to type '... c# mongodb enums mongodb-query aggregate Ganeshraj K 1 asked 24 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 13 views Receive update in MVVM toolkit sample with Messenger. Register don't work Problem Had there been any update on how to receive messenger? I had make the "Sending Messages" example in winui 3. I can show TextBlock Text="{x:Bind ViewModel.SenderViewModel.... c# .net mvvm receiver winui hfbdynatest 1 asked 51 mins ago -1 votes 0 answers 19 views What is Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.CodeStyle? What is the NuGet package Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.CodeStyle good for? Which rules does it contains? We are already getting CA warnings (via Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.NetAnalyzers), IDE warnings (I ... c# .net stylecop analyzer ndsvw 2,408 asked 58 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 16 views Mapping Entity to DTO doesn't work using NHibernate I want to map certain properties from Entity to DTO, but it returns result count as 0 Entity: public class CustomerForSendToBusinessCentralEntity : BaseEntity { public virtual Guid Id { get; set; }... c# .net nhibernate Saraphin34 17 asked 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 10 views How can I destroy point when it collides with player instead of bouncing when it collides I am trying to game in which player shoots in air and collects point by colliding with it. I want my player to destroy the point when it collides with it. But when the player collides with it player ... c# unity-game-engine Umer Ansari 1 asked 1 hour ago 0 votes 1 answer 13 views Get acknowledgment when sending Email using SendGrid Emailing services with C# I am wondering if it is possible to get email receiving confirmation (acknowledgment) after sending an email using Sendgrid emailing service with C# code I am using Sendgrid package version : 9.28.1 i ... c# sendgrid new_coder 23 asked 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 17 views hello guys i have a problem to delete a layer pdf in c#, can u helpme please? `I have a c# project that needs to include a pdf layer with an associated text: INACTIVE. And right now I managed to put the pdf layer with itextsharp, but I can't find a way to remove the text layer ... c# pdf itext Sirja 11 asked 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 15 views How to define shortest happy path between start and end state in a State Pattern design implementation? When using state pattern, one is delegating behaviour of the Entity to the current State. I have prepared SSCCE that I pasted below. We have an Entity which can transition between states : StartState, ... c# .net graph state-pattern Yoda 17.3k asked 1 hour ago 1 vote 1 answer 16 views Http.GetFromJsonAsync ignores DataMember Attribute Let's take the blazor default template to retrieve forecast forecasts = await Http.GetFromJsonAsync<WeatherForecast[]>("sample-data/weather.json") But I want to map my Forecast class ... c# .net json-deserialization system.text.json Rémy 716 asked 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 47 views Allowing for the return of a void method call result in a void method -REWORD- I have a method with a few overloads that share its type, all meant as a way of enabling optional parameters / ways of representing them. if i write them as T doStuff(int a) => doStuff(a.... c# methods overloading void Andrea Bardelli 11 asked 1 hour ago 1 vote 0 answers 12 views Critical error when release .Net Maui app in iOS I'm releasing .Net Maui app on the stores. In Android is all fine but I have a critical error in App store. I tested my app in debug mode in iOS and it's fine, no problem. But when I released the app ... c# ios xaml maui WhyAlfred 23 asked 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 9 views We want to use 2 factor authentication saml2 azure ad in asp.net mvc We want to implement 2 factor authentication in our asp.net mvc c# application. we are using saml2 authentication azure AD, app is created in azure and we received xml and .cer file from exchange ... c# asp.net-mvc azure azure-active-directory single-sign-on raj 1 asked 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 13 views Ajax call to protected (authorize) controller method (MVC) An ASP.NET Core MVC application is using cookie authentication. I would like to execute an ajax call which is calling a protected (authorize) post method. It is somehow possible to pass the token/ ... c# jquery ajax asp.net-mvc asp.net-core Odrai 2,133 asked 2 hours ago 15 30 50 per page 1 2 3 4 5 … 106324 Next The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Related Tags .net × 210250 asp.net × 176225 wpf × 104241 asp.net-mvc × 81963 winforms × 78802 linq × 65946 entity-framework × 54585 unity-game-engine × 41596 asp.net-core × 38714 xaml × 37657 visual-studio × 36868 sql-server × 36376 sql × 32909 xml × 29106 javascript × 28245 json × 26636 .net-core × 24138 multithreading × 23886 wcf × 23114 xamarin × 19148 asp.net-web-api × 18499 jquery × 17911 arrays × 17541 regex × 17323 windows × 17032 more related tags Hot Network Questions Compare new txt file with old txt file and remove all data that matches What does it mean to have two colors in the fill section? Does rebooting a phone daily increase your phone's security? SFDX: exports.getOrgApiVersion is not a function Are the names of lightroots the names of shrines spelled backwards? Am I using the chi-squared test correctly? Short poem about a teleportation accident How to compare loan interest rate to savings account interest rate? ImageWriter II occasionally prints hex dumps Does 'see a [person] [verb]-ing' necessitate seeing both the person and their action? Do more legislative seats make Gerrymandering harder? Film about people in a rural area trapped behind a force field What are Astral Diamonds made of? Is humor unacceptable in referee reports? 16 month old wants to co sleep, won’t sleep alone Why does NIST SP 800-90C RBG3 construction require XOR or reseeding a DRBG with a physical entropy source to produce full entropy? What academic evidence is there of the pronunciation of gn as ɲn in Vulgar Latin? To what extent (if any) does Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi answer reporters' questions, or at least appear to? Why is rock or metal often cold to the touch but wood or plastic is not? Multiple alignments of different equation types in math mode Perfect quotients of braid groups Reasoning about CwFs in a proof assistant Plausibility of using orbital mirrors to dig a canyon Why can't NSolve solve for the obvious zeros? more hot questions Newest c# questions feed Subscribe to RSS Newest c# questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings