Newest 'jquery' Questions - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Questions tagged [jquery] Ask Question jQuery is a JavaScript library. Consider also adding the JavaScript tag. jQuery is a popular cross-browser JavaScript library that facilitates Document Object Model (DOM) traversal, event handling, animations and AJAX interactions by minimizing the discrepancies across browsers. A question tagged jQuery should be related to jQuery, so jQuery should be used by the code in question, and at least jQuery usage-related elements must be in the question. Learn more… Top users Synonyms (14) 1,034,127 questions Newest Active Bountied 1 Unanswered More Bountied 1 Unanswered Frequent Score Unanswered (my tags) Filter Filter by No answers No accepted answer Has bounty Sorted by Newest Recent activity Highest score Most frequent Bounty ending soon Tagged with My watched tags The following tags: Apply filter Cancel 0 votes 0 answers 7 views Can't make jQuery works with ASP.Net MVC 5 I'm trying to make some tests with jquery, but I can't make it works. In the _Layout page I have : @Scripts.Render("~/bundles/jquery") @Scripts.Render("~/bundles/bootstrap") @... jquery asp.net-mvc-5 Liuc 35 asked 46 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 12 views Downloading and using the JS file(s) for only one Bootstrap 5 component? [duplicate] To avoid having unnecessary JS in my files, is there a way to only use the JS for the Bootstrap 5 carousel component only, without having to include everything else from the main Bootstrap JS file? ... javascript jquery carousel bootstrap-5 cdn Willis Dyson 1 asked 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 14 views fullcalendar plugin wont appear in div with div-id when fetched I have 2 SQL query's, The first query fetches the device details The second query uses the device name from the first query to fetch the status of that device (To see if that device is booked or not).... php html jquery mysql fullcalendar Conor Morrin 11 asked 1 hour ago -1 votes 0 answers 20 views Upload image with text attached [duplicate] I want to send an image with text attached. The problem is I do not know how to use javascript FormData combined with php file_get_contents("php://input"). This is how I would like to do it. ... php jquery ajax file-get-contents form-data Max Njoroge 495 asked 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 15 views XPages and order of execution of Bootstrap 4 I have developed an application with Bootstrap 4 and I am getting different results on different servers. I have tested this on many servers and most servers work fine but when putting it up on a ... jquery bootstrap-4 osgi xpages order-of-execution Thomas Adrian 3,531 asked 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 13 views Ajax call to protected (authorize) controller method (MVC) An ASP.NET Core MVC application is using cookie authentication. I would like to execute an ajax call which is calling a protected (authorize) post method. It is somehow possible to pass the token/ ... c# jquery ajax asp.net-mvc asp.net-core Odrai 2,133 asked 2 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 16 views How do I adjust or disable bold text on jQuery UI Tabs? I have been messing around with this for two days but I can't seem to "decode" the extensive css used in jQuery UI. I am using jQuery UI 1.13 tabs with the default stylesheet and what I ... jquery css jquery-ui jcmiller 31 asked 3 hours ago 1 vote 1 answer 18 views Add a confirmation dialog box for COD payment in WooCommerce Checkout I'm using the following code on the checkout page to confirm the Cash on Delivery and proceed with the order, but even if the order is getting confirmed even if the visitor has not clicked on 'Confirm'... php jquery wordpress woocommerce payment-method Aryan Chaurasia 11 asked 4 hours ago -2 votes 1 answer 41 views Is there any reason unbind and then bind events? for instance, $(".bundle").unbind("click") .bind("click", function() { // complete your task onclick here }); What's the purpose of unbind click in here? any ... javascript jquery Erick 29 asked 5 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 6 views Facing issue calling user control code behind method from Js file I am trying to call Usercontrol code behind method from the Javascript file which is in a shared location. Js file code present in shared location function ValidateParams(fromdate,Id) { var exp=/^((((... javascript jquery asp.net ajax asp.net-ajax AMDI 865 asked 8 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 11 views Laravel: Maatwebsite 3.1 using jquery We upgraded the laravel version of our project, some of the packages has been depreciated(maatwebsite) so we need to upgrade to latest version and recode the export but we having an error. To give a ... jquery ajax laravel maatwebsite-excel Angel 957 asked 8 hours ago -1 votes 0 answers 26 views how to play music with php using javascript class according with mysql database I'm trying to play a song in PHP using a JavaScript function with a play button class. However, I'm unable to play the song according to my MySQL database. Here are the PHP and JavaScript code ... javascript php jquery database mysqli Binnx 1 asked 9 hours ago -1 votes 0 answers 34 views How to do the special sticky div like Twitter side bar? How to do the special sticky div like Twitter side bar? It looks like this https://imgur.com/eljA2Bo The right bar scrolls with the main middle content. When it reaches the end, it stops, while the ... javascript html jquery css Just a coder 14.9k asked 11 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 6 views SwiperJS Swiper-pagination hide i'm looking to find a way to hide Swiper-Pagination when my swiper has more than 10 slides. I tried using this code but doesnt work, i'm removing the class d-xl-block and leave the d-none that alreade ... javascript jquery swiper.js Alexander-1999-2 11 asked 12 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 14 views Jquery form submit, prevent default, unbind -> then submit. What am I doing wrong? Ok, so I've been scratching my head for the past 3 days. Can't figure out what I am doing wrong. I have the following html structure: <!DOCTYPE html> <html lang="en"> <head&... jquery forms submit preventdefault unbind cnapsys 1 asked 13 hours ago 15 30 50 per page 1 2 3 4 5 … 68942 Next The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Related Tags javascript × 585931 html × 254686 css × 141881 ajax × 120256 php × 98584 json × 37026 jquery-ui × 31352 twitter-bootstrap × 27451 asp.net × 26052 asp.net-mvc × 21565 forms × 18681 c# × 17911 angularjs × 15294 wordpress × 14881 arrays × 13570 datatables × 12431 jquery-mobile × 11845 ruby-on-rails × 11803 mysql × 11250 jquery-plugins × 11179 dom × 9298 validation × 8815 jquery-selectors × 8304 iframe × 7392 datepicker × 7088 more related tags Hot Network Questions Does the epsilon-delta definition of limits truly capture our intuitive understanding of limits? Can I add a second occupant to a hotel room at check-in? Junior professorships (W1) in Germany - does the 6 year limit before start apply to all states? How to write time signatures in emails and texts What does it mean to have two colors in the fill section? Why didn't Gandalf identify the troll's swords? Why does this native speaker (Youtuber) say "...a island" but not "...an island": "I thought the 50 grand was getting me a island." Reasoning about CwFs in a proof assistant Combine 1,3,3,7 to get 10 What are Astral Diamonds made of? A particular nonlinear second-order ODE with parameter To what extent (if any) does Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi answer reporters' questions, or at least appear to? ImageWriter II occasionally prints hex dumps Is there a way to keep the versatile bonus while mounted, like a feat or anything? Is my employer allowed to make me work without pay? Is there evidence of a pagan temple on the site of the Jewish Temple in Jerusalem that predated the Jewish Temple? Why exchange bishop for knight in this endgame? C23 Vector Macro Implementation Electrical - Ground used a Neutral Did Andrew Tate claim his job was to seduce women and get them on a webcam? Favorite Economics Podcast? What do I do with a desk whose varnish has worn away, and doesn't allow my mouse to work smoothly? How do you read "10/10"? IR LED with transistor more hot questions Newest jquery questions feed Subscribe to RSS Newest jquery questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings