Newest 'node.js' Questions - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Questions tagged [node.js] Ask Question Node.js is an event-based, non-blocking, asynchronous I/O runtime that uses Google's V8 JavaScript engine and libuv library. It is used for developing applications that make heavy use of the ability to run JavaScript both on the client as well as on the server side and therefore benefit from the re-usability of code and the lack of context switching. Learn more… Top users Synonyms (2) 463,813 questions Newest Active Bountied 4 Unanswered More Bountied 4 Unanswered Frequent Score Unanswered (my tags) Filter Filter by No answers No accepted answer Has bounty Sorted by Newest Recent activity Highest score Most frequent Bounty ending soon Tagged with My watched tags The following tags: Apply filter Cancel 0 votes 0 answers 4 views How do I create a second row of buttons on an embed (Discord.js Bot Command) I am currently making an RPG styled bot and I want to organize it in such a way where everything has its own little spot. i.e.: Profile, Backstory, Inventory <======Talent Trees=========> (... node.js discord.js Tanner Carroll 1 asked 2 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 3 views malloc error during next build with node >= 18 We have a next.js 12 project built and run on node 16 which works fine but we want to migrate to newer nodes. Going for the next LTS node 18 is a logical step, and next dev works fine, but running ... node.js next.js malloc sharp Dan Macak 15.9k asked 8 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 6 views How to perform addToSet and pull in a single query in Node.js MongoDB I am working on a scenario where I need to update some data in a collection. I have manager1, manager2, manager3, manager4. If I set manager1, manager2 as the new managers, company should be added to ... javascript node.js database mongodb Tauseef_Ahmed 291 asked 25 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 4 views Viva wallet how i create the payment api using node js and mysql? I am working in viva wallet node js and mysql api , i am getting only the api error. This is my api , showing only api error. function vivaWalletCreatePayment(req: Request, res: Response) { try { ... javascript node.js payment-gateway Jagadees B 1 asked 27 mins ago -1 votes 1 answer 17 views How do I fix app.use() requires a middleware function error? While running npm run server which starts the server, it keeps crashing with the error app.use() requires a middleware function, when I add the line app.use(launchesRouter) in app.js. When I remove ... javascript node.js middleware router Pranav Menon 1 asked 38 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 4 views My mocked async method return undefined when I run test I want to add tests for a method calling github public APi. I have mocked axios and provide a mock response . However whenever I run the test it is returning an undefine result. I have attached the ... javascript node.js jestjs mocking Claude Rukamiza 109 asked 39 mins ago 0 votes 2 answers 11 views Express, error - connectRedis is not a function Ubuntu Mate 22.04.2 lts Node 18.16.0 Redis 7.0.11 - without password (no auth), ping-pong test passes "body-parser": "^1.20.2" "connect-redis": "^7.1.0" "... node.js redis connect-redis Doleensk 1 asked 1 hour ago -2 votes 0 answers 9 views TypeError: client.ZREVRANGEBYSCORE is not a function - redis try { // Fetch the leaderboard data from Redis as a sorted set client.ZREVRANGEBYSCORE('key', 0, -1, 'withscores', (err, leaderboard) => { if (err) { console.error('An error ... javascript node.js express redis Vinay Kumar 1 asked 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 5 views MODULE_NOT_FOUND error for already installed npm package I am seeing an error when I run a command with npm-run-all: Error: Cannot find module 'define-properties' Require stack: - /local/node/src/Widgets/node_modules/string.prototype.padend/index.js - /... node.js npm-install snakespan 1,183 asked 1 hour ago -1 votes 0 answers 22 views Permissions with nodejs and express I have a node.js server with express and an html page with some javascript, css, and all that. Some weeks ago I had a requirement to add images to the page, I receive the name of the image and I have ... javascript node.js express Alejandro 13 asked 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 11 views Copy a file from an <input type="file"> to another folder with electronJS I'm creating a Contact Manager for customers in ElectronJS. I have a form that saves all the data of the customers in the computer as a JSON (using app.getPath()). But now I want to save an image of ... javascript node.js image electron AJ Santaeugenia 11 asked 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 5 views React-native Pod issue I want to make a build for iOS , firstly I build project fro android and it was running fine on android but now when I'm building a project and installing pod I'm getting below error shms-MacBook-Pro:... node.js reactjs react-native cocoapods Tejas satpute 1 asked 2 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 10 views Discord Bot Error - cannot read property of undefined (reading 'name') This is the code: const client = require("../bot"); const { Collection } = require("discord.js") const fs = require("fs") const config = require("../config.js") ... javascript node.js discord discord.js discord-buttons NOVA PATTİS 1 asked 2 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 9 views Discord bot - button operate once only node.js Hey everyone I am trying to code a discord bot using node.js allowing the member to submit 1 photo by Slashcommand to be uploaded to the website using MySQL, everything is good they can submit the ... node.js discord.js discord-buttons MOHAMED AL YOUSUFI 15 asked 2 hours ago 0 votes 3 answers 34 views How to set root folder for express.js I am fairly new to express.js , so the question might be easy , but I cannot fix it for almost 4 hours. I have my express server that should be returning a build of react app. I am using useragent lib ... javascript node.js reactjs express Vlad Halyts 13 asked 2 hours ago 15 30 50 per page 1 2 3 4 5 … 30921 Next The Overflow Blog Part man. Part machine. All farmer. Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Featured on Meta Statement from SO: June 5, 2023 Moderator Action Starting the Prompt Design Site: A New Home in our Stack Exchange Neighborhood Does the policy change for AI-generated content affect users who (want to)... Temporary policy: Generative AI (e.g., ChatGPT) is banned Related Tags javascript × 174508 express × 76181 mongodb × 50028 mongoose × 32021 reactjs × 26354 npm × 25186 typescript × 14905 socket.io × 13191 mysql × 11886 json × 11689 angular × 9367 angularjs × 9205 html × 9142 sequelize.js × 8351 amazon-web-services × 8162 discord.js × 8134 firebase × 7363 heroku × 7212 asynchronous × 7138 promise × 6578 docker × 5984 postgresql × 5781 arrays × 5686 webpack × 5625 passport.js × 5435 more related tags Hot Network Questions How do you read "10/10"? Martin's magic teapot Does one need to buy tickets in advance for Deutsche Bahn train? Why is the use of enemy flags, insignia, uniforms and emblems forbidden in international humanitarian law? Safe to remove plastic chainring cover? What do I do with a desk whose varnish has worn away, and doesn't allow my mouse to work smoothly? Dynamically Linking a Proprietary Module to a GPL-Covered Library (C/C++) Electrical - Ground used a Neutral How does population size impact the precision of the results What characterizes a future-proof ebike drive system? Are the names of lightroots the names of shrines spelled backwards? Trailer spare tire mount: U-bolt threads too long for lug wrench Is the full GPS constellation a Walker Delta constellation? How to write time signatures in emails and texts Can I add a second occupant to a hotel room at check-in? C23 Vector Macro Implementation Short story involving a future in which janitors run the world Unclear usages of の Why "previously learned knowledge" is a natural phrase in English, although "learn knowledge" is not? Why are sometimes the brightest star of a constellation not named alpha? Junior professorships (W1) in Germany - does the 6 year limit before start apply to all states? What are some monsters or spells that could trap NPCs for a long time without killing them? Is my employer allowed to make me work without pay? Compare new txt file with old txt file and remove all data that matches more hot questions Newest node.js questions feed Subscribe to RSS Newest node.js questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings