Introducing Collectives™: Communities within Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Grow your community Looking for help? Communities for your favorite technologies Collectives™ helps you find trusted answers faster, connect with subject matter experts from the community, and share knowledge around the technologies you use most. Join a collective Areas of practice, technology, and provider organizations already on Collectives: R Language 4k members Join A collective where data scientists and AI researchers gather to find, share, and learn about R and other subtags like knitr and dplyr. CI/CD 5k members Join A collective where developers focused on continuous integration, delivery, and deployment can find, share, and learn about simultaneous development. AWS 13k members Join Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform, offering over 200 fully featured services from data centers globally. The AWS Collective is a community-driven site with resources for developers. Microsoft Azure 9k members Join On-premises, hybrid, multicloud, or at the edge—build on your terms with best-in-class tools, your favorite open-source frameworks and languages, and a platform that supports continuous collaboration and delivery with Azure. WSO2 5k members Join WSO2 solutions give enterprises the flexibility to deploy applications and services on-premises, on private or public clouds, or in hybrid environments. Our collective aims to enable developers to build value-added services and get to market faster. Twilio 9k members Join Twilio has democratized channels like voice, text, chat, video, and email by virtualizing the world’s communications infrastructure through APIs that are simple enough for any developer, yet robust enough to power the world’s most demanding applications. Google Cloud 43k members Join Google Cloud provides organizations with leading infrastructure, platform capabilities and industry solutions to help them solve their most critical business problems. Collectives works for you Make your job easier with Collectives on Stack Overflow. Trust the source · See the full picture · More than Q&A · Get recognized Find trusted answers, fast Stop testing multiple solutions to your questions. Find the answers recommended or provided by subject matter experts from the community or who build and support a company's technology. 0 Votes 4 Answers How to flatten frequencies in Audio Bubble? Answer Answer recommended by Audio Bubble View full answer Sam Wright Recognized by Audio Bubble Find information about technologies that interest you in one place There’s no need to review multiple tag pages. The Collectives page provides a centralized view of questions and answers and content using tags associated with an area of technical practice or an organization’s technology. Pinned articles Welcome to Audio Bubble Questions Are there webhook integrations with Audio Bubble? Answer About collective Recognized Members Top Tags Engage with new content formats Because some topics require more than Q&A. Find in-depth knowledge on a topic or product with technical how-to guides and knowledge Articles, and get timely, relevant updates with Bulletins. Knowledge article Introduction to Audio Bubble Graph API How-to-guide How to suggest a good article More from Audio Bubble Collective Are there webhook integrations with Audio Bubble? How to flatten frequencies in Audio Bubble? How do I get oAuth2 to work with Audio Bubble 3.0 SDK? Earn recognition Consider yourself an expert on Google Cloud? Think you know the most about Go Language? Earn a Recognized Member designation from the Admins of a Collective and/or your favorite technology companies. See your answers recommended and check where you rank on the Collectives leaderboard. Sam Wright This user is first on the weekly Audio Bubble collective leaderboard Recognized by Audio Bubble Collective members Search Dan Smith Penina Austin Janelle Hunter Answer Answer recommended by Audio Bubble Here’s what people are saying about Collectives on Stack Overflow I think both businesses and developers will benefit from Collectives because they make it easier to connect and keep in touch. Developers have been coming together and helping each other on the Stack Overflow platform for a long time. With Collectives, companies can now also become part of this active community. Martin Spickermann Senior Software Developer at Shopify I’m most excited about the Recognized Member feature. Beyond reputation, I think the Recognized Member badge can more accurately reflect a user’s expertise in a domain. Endorsement by a Recognized Member can also help to increase the visibility of new, better, but not highly voted answers to old questions, encouraging developers to take a closer look before just adopting the highest voted answer. Benjamin W. Stack Overflow user You have questions. We have answers. Explore content from the Help Center. What is Collectives™ on Stack Overflow? Collectives™ on Stack Overflow are dedicated spaces where developers can find content that’s organized around an area of technical practice or a technology provider's product suite. Read more on the Help Center What is a recommended answer? A recommended answer helps users quickly and easily identify the best solution to a question. Answers are recommended by subject matter experts who have been designated as Recognized Members of a collective. Learn more about recommended answers What are the different types of users in a Collective? Within Collectives, there are 4 Collective-specific user types: Member, Recognized Member, Admin, Employee. More about the user types How do you determine which tags are included in a Collective? Collective tags are based on technologies that are part of certain areas of practice or a technology provider’s product suite. Read more about tags How do I join a Collective? Anybody with a Stack Overflow account can join a collective! Visit a collective’s page (by clicking on the collectives badge on a question page) and press the “Join collective” button. The collective will now show up in the left sidebar. Join a collective Unlock the power of your community Collectives for open source & companies Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings