Ask Different Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 181 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading… Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company, and our products. current community Ask Different help chat Ask Different Meta your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Ask Different is a question and answer site for power users of Apple hardware and software. It only takes a minute to sign up. Sign up to join this community Anybody can ask a question Anybody can answer The best answers are voted up and rise to the top Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Unanswered Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Explore our questions Ask Question macosiphonemacbook-proiosterminalkeyboardmacipaditunesicloud more tags Active 3 Bountied Hot Week Month 3 votes 1 answer 210 views Possible to restore Appkit after Catalina→Monterey Update? macos applications catalina monterey CommunityBot 1 modified 50 mins ago 1 vote 1 answer 118 views Change word to Title case not working iOS 15 iphone ios autocorrect case CommunityBot 1 modified 1 hour ago 0 votes 2 answers 37 views I erased my MacBook and now can’t redownload macOS Big Sur, no free space macos macbook-pro recovery Tetsujin 110k modified 2 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 8 views TimeMachine Backup Never Runs due to Tens of Millions of Changes macbook-pro backup time-machine picklepick 101 asked 2 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 6 views How do I keep my screens ON when locking MacOS Ventura? macos display power ventura Nick G 1 asked 2 hours ago 0 votes 2 answers 15 views Where can I find mbp logic board compatibility information? hardware compatibility logicboard motherboard Theologin 514 answered 3 hours ago 5 votes 4 answers 4k views Increase amount of text copied in iterm2 copy-paste iterm Penguin 101 answered 3 hours ago 1 vote 0 answers 24 views My headphones keep pausing, turning the volume up and down and opening Siri while listening to music iphone itunes audio headphones siri Colin Cottrail 1 modified 3 hours ago 1 vote 1 answer 135 views Can I back up one external hard drive to a smaller external hard drive via Time Machine? macos backup time-machine external-disk CommunityBot 1 modified 3 hours ago 2 votes 2 answers 78 views Mid 2011 iMac re-installing High Sierra can not reach recovery server network imac recovery marc 123 answered 4 hours ago -1 votes 0 answers 19 views Apple MAC M2 Chip : Rosetta 2 update is not available ventura rosetta nohillside♦ 95k modified 5 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 313 views Reformatted Windows HDD shows up twice in Disk Utility hard-drive disk-utility windows external-disk CommunityBot 1 modified 5 hours ago 73 votes 2 answers 127k views Import certificates into the System Keychain via the command line mac snow-leopard keychain nohillside♦ 95k modified 6 hours ago 1 vote 1 answer 286 views PS button on DualSense controller forces opening launchpad on Ventura games launchpad ventura peripheral Thinkr 2,207 modified 6 hours ago Browse more Questions Hot Network Questions failed pt-online-schema-change left behind triggers. How to delete? Safe to remove plastic chainring cover? Magnetic field changes induced by vibrating electric guitar string Best practice to label thumb scoopers/dishers What characterizes a future-proof ebike drive system? Combine 1,3,3,7 to get 10 Why are sometimes the brightest star of a constellation not named alpha? Algebraically closed fields with only finite orbits What parts of a spaceship would still work 100 million years later? How does "thou" equal "oneg"? Why does NIST SP 800-90C RBG3 construction require XOR or reseeding a DRBG with a physical entropy source to produce full entropy? Problems in NP with non-trivial certificate What academic evidence is there of the pronunciation of gn as ɲn in Vulgar Latin? Did Andrew Tate claim his job was to seduce women and get them on a webcam? Determining four rational numbers, given their pairwise sums Dynamically Linking a Proprietary Module to a GPL-Covered Library (C/C++) To what extent (if any) does Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi answer reporters' questions, or at least appear to? Why is the use of enemy flags, insignia, uniforms and emblems forbidden in international humanitarian law? Why is loud music much louder after pausing and resuming it? Why is auto keyword useful for compiler-writers in C? Does one need to buy tickets in advance for Deutsche Bahn train? How does population size impact the precision of the results Are there countries where vehicles involved in an accident must move if they're blocking the flow of traffic? Am I using the chi-squared test correctly? more hot questions Recent questions feed Subscribe to RSS Recent questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Ask Different Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Company Stack Overflow Teams Advertising Collectives Talent About Press Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Apple is a trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the US and other countries. This site is not affiliated with or endorsed by Apple Inc. in any way. Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings