Unix & Linux Stack Exchange Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 181 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading… Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company, and our products. current community Unix & Linux help chat Unix & Linux Meta your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Unix & Linux Stack Exchange is a question and answer site for users of Linux, FreeBSD and other Un*x-like operating systems. It only takes a minute to sign up. Sign up to join this community Anybody can ask a question Anybody can answer The best answers are voted up and rise to the top Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Unanswered Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Explore our questions Ask Question linuxbashshell-scriptdebianubuntushelltext-processingcentosawkssh more tags Active 4 Bountied Hot Week Month 1 vote 1 answer 23 views How to safely use gawk's -i option? awk security Stéphane Chazelas 515k modified 12 mins ago 372 votes 10 answers 176k views Write all tmux scrollback to a file tmux Girish Sharma 3 modified 25 mins ago 15 votes 7 answers 31k views Disable bluetooth at boot boot services bluetooth Johan 321 modified 26 mins ago 17 votes 6 answers 75k views Where is my logfile of crontab? cron Benjamin Loison 157 modified 28 mins ago 2 votes 3 answers 4k views How to programmatically add new crontab file without replacing previous one cron python raspberry-pi raspbian FelixJN 11.9k answered 30 mins ago 84 votes 5 answers 115k views Combining tail && journalctl systemd tail journalctl GDR 121 answered 36 mins ago 2 votes 2 answers 74 views Is there a tool that can perform direct RSA decryption with a Yubikey? yubikey smartcard dwmw2 21 modified 45 mins ago 0 votes 1 answer 8 views Experiencing glitches on terminal Fedora 38 fedora terminal zsh oh-my-zsh Stéphane Chazelas 515k modified 45 mins ago 0 votes 3 answers 861 views How to get only file names from an ls -la (ll) listing? ls Silver Moon 101 answered 46 mins ago 0 votes 1 answer 16 views NTP and Bind Chicken and egg problem bind ntp dnssec David Verdin 101 answered 47 mins ago 8 votes 2 answers 7k views virNetSocketReadWire:1801 : End of file while reading data: Input/output error virtual-machine kvm libvirt CommunityBot 1 modified 51 mins ago 6 votes 2 answers 3k views Query for available package versions with pacman arch-linux pacman NeilG 103 answered 1 hour ago 0 votes 1 answer 9 views stable package is different to rmadison query apt devuan Stephen Kitt 404k answered 1 hour ago 5 votes 1 answer 1k views ls: bash: printf: `Y': invalid format character in VS Code, not in Terminal linux-mint ls date visual-studio-code Vlastimil Burián 27k modified 1 hour ago Browse more Questions Hot Network Questions How did ZX Spectrum games loaders prevent the use of MERGE? What's the oldest story where someone teleports into a solid or liquid? How to bevel curved objects with many sharp turns? What characterizes a future-proof ebike drive system? What do I do with a desk whose varnish has worn away, and doesn't allow my mouse to work smoothly? Reasoning about CwFs in a proof assistant An interesting trigonometric integral What academic evidence is there of the pronunciation of gn as ɲn in Vulgar Latin? Is it too much to create a book cover for a potential book for an interview? Why are the ground floors windows of northern Italian palazzi often barred up? Short story involving a future in which janitors run the world Am I using the chi-squared test correctly? What are some monsters or spells that could trap NPCs for a long time without killing them? Why is auto keyword useful for compiler-writers in C? Does rebooting a phone daily increase your phone's security? Perfect quotients of braid groups Up and up they go What is causing the pilot light to go out with a loud clunk? Why "previously learned knowledge" is a natural phrase in English, although "learn knowledge" is not? How does "thou" equal "oneg"? Film about people in a rural area trapped behind a force field Martin's magic teapot What minimum versions of operating systems and browsers are compatible with Google-managed SSL certificates? Why does this native speaker (Youtuber) say "...a island" but not "...an island": "I thought the 50 grand was getting me a island." more hot questions Recent questions feed Subscribe to RSS Recent questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Unix & Linux Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Company Stack Overflow Teams Advertising Collectives Talent About Press Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. UNIX is a registered trademark of The Open Group. This site is not affiliated with Linus Torvalds or The Open Group in any way. Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings