Software Engineering Stack Exchange Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 181 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading… Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company, and our products. current community Software Engineering help chat Software Engineering Meta your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Software Engineering Stack Exchange is a question and answer site for professionals, academics, and students working within the systems development life cycle. It only takes a minute to sign up. Sign up to join this community Anybody can ask a question Anybody can answer The best answers are voted up and rise to the top Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Unanswered Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Explore our questions Ask Question designjavac#design-patternsarchitectureobject-orientedc++algorithmsjavascriptdatabase more tags Active Hot Week Month 1 vote 1 answer 32 views UML sequence diagram - When to start and end activation box uml sequence-diagram candied_orange 101k modified 7 hours ago 20 votes 15 answers 9k views Are there serious companies that don't use version-control and continuous integration? Why? version-control continuous-integration Coder 1 modified 7 hours ago 4 votes 3 answers 2k views How can I tell what standard my C is in? c gcc ansi Cloud Cho 101 answered 11 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 79 views How to Structure a Client Consuming an External API? typescript react Laiv 14.1k modified 13 hours ago 23 votes 10 answers 9k views What to do if a core function does exactly what you need to do, but has a bug design bug candied_orange 101k modified 17 hours ago 68 votes 15 answers 18k views How can I convince cowboy programmers to use source control? version-control teamwork team-foundation-server cowboy-coding Sybille Peters 111 modified 18 hours ago 3 votes 7 answers 331 views Can a Domain Object always be "completely ignorant of persistence" and yet still possible to persist? design object-oriented c++ persistence gnasher729 41k answered 22 hours ago 47 votes 4 answers 121k views Abstract Data Type and Data Structure data-structures abstraction Kajzer 123 modified 22 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 50 views Decoupling a Configuration API in an Embedded Framework object-oriented c++ api-design embedded-systems nowhere_ 1 modified 23 hours ago 5 votes 3 answers 6k views Integration Testing: Testing Service to Service unit-testing rest web-services integration-tests Laiv 14.1k modified yesterday 28 votes 5 answers 36k views Explaining the difference between Product Backlog Item and a Task team-foundation-server scrum agile Dominique 1,703 modified yesterday 5 votes 1 answer 403 views Requesting information regarding the use of MUI vs. the use of GetText for i18n/L10n of Windows desktop applications c++ windows internationalization gettext CommunityBot 1 modified yesterday 1 vote 2 answers 330 views Does the "Pyramid of tests" contradict the idea of tests focusing on behaviour? unit-testing testing tdd bdd acceptance-testing LightBender 101 modified yesterday 6 votes 5 answers 715 views Reasons to use (and not to use) a repeated delimiter to escape that delimiter? language-design parsing syntax jmoreno 10.6k modified yesterday Browse more Questions Hot Network Questions Word for the collectively leadership and important roles in a society Best practice to label thumb scoopers/dishers Determining four rational numbers, given their pairwise sums 16 month old wants to co sleep, won’t sleep alone Martin's magic teapot LED reverse voltage rating What are Astral Diamonds made of? C23 Vector Macro Implementation Unclear usages of の Is there evidence of a pagan temple on the site of the Jewish Temple in Jerusalem that predated the Jewish Temple? Does rebooting a phone daily increase your phone's security? IR LED with transistor Combine 1,3,3,7 to get 10 What do I do with a desk whose varnish has worn away, and doesn't allow my mouse to work smoothly? Why can't NSolve solve for the obvious zeros? Algebraically closed fields with only finite orbits Does 'see a [person] [verb]-ing' necessitate seeing both the person and their action? An interesting trigonometric integral Is it too much to create a book cover for a potential book for an interview? How to compare loan interest rate to savings account interest rate? How did ZX Spectrum games loaders prevent the use of MERGE? Are passengers required to obey pilots' commands? Does the epsilon-delta definition of limits truly capture our intuitive understanding of limits? Safe to remove plastic chainring cover? more hot questions Recent questions feed Subscribe to RSS Recent questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Software Engineering Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Company Stack Overflow Teams Advertising Collectives Talent About Press Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings