Ask Ubuntu Ubuntu Community Ask! Developer Design Hardware Insights Juju Shop More › Apps Help Forum Launchpad MAAS Canonical Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 181 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading… Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company, and our products. current community Ask Ubuntu help chat Ask Ubuntu Meta your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Ask Ubuntu is a question and answer site for Ubuntu users and developers. It only takes a minute to sign up. Sign up to join this community Anybody can ask a question Anybody can answer The best answers are voted up and rise to the top Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Unanswered Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Explore our questions Ask Question bootnetworkingcommand-line14.04driversdual-boot16.04apt12.04server more tags Active 2 Bountied Hot Week Month 0 votes 1 answer 60 views Help me to develop a .sh script to start a simple task command-line bash scripts frank.henschel 1 answered 19 mins ago 0 votes 5 answers 28 views How to get Show Desktop working for use by all users? scripts 22.04 .desktop Rocket 1 answered 20 mins ago 2 votes 5 answers 8k views Setting high-resolution default for KVM/Qemu VM viewers virtualization display-resolution kvm-virtualization Rocket 1 answered 24 mins ago 30 votes 2 answers 18k views Does it makes sense to use brew on ubuntu? apt package-management Torgil Svensson 1 modified 28 mins ago 10 votes 6 answers 14k views Convert pdf to monochrome black-and-white via command line command-line printing pdf inkscape ghostscript che 183 answered 41 mins ago 10 votes 1 answer 4k views One click GPU passthrough to VM in Gnome-Boxes? 20.04 qemu gnome-boxes kvm-virtualization someone 1 answered 45 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 7 views How to fix permissions when using "ecryptfs' command permissions ecryptfs andrew262 1 asked 45 mins ago 1 vote 0 answers 8 views How to enable a disabled sound card? sound 22.04 soundcard klutt 113 modified 59 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 12 views After cloning disk and fixing grub still not being able to boot (BSOD) dual-boot partitioning grub2 uefi Las Películas 1 modified 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 5 views Touchpad pinch zoom not functional in ubuntu 22.04 drivers 22.04 mouse touchpad HARSH DEVMURARI 1 asked 1 hour ago 5 votes 1 answer 18k views CXXABI_1.3.8 not found games gcc c++ CommunityBot 1 modified 1 hour ago 1 vote 1 answer 15 views Ubuntu 23.04 - gjs gjs /usr/share/gnome-shell/extensions/ding@rastersoft.com/ding.js gnome-shell-extension mchid 41.7k modified 2 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 51 views Try or Install Ubuntu is not working on Asus G14 boot 23.04 Omar 101 modified 2 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 12 views Is it possible to run System Monitor for another machine? system-monitor Muhammed Kilinc 26 answered 2 hours ago Browse more Questions Hot Network Questions Why are the ground floors windows of northern Italian palazzi often barred up? Are there countries where vehicles involved in an accident must move if they're blocking the flow of traffic? How can I get scheme product of two polynomials like this? Trailer spare tire mount: U-bolt threads too long for lug wrench Film about people in a rural area trapped behind a force field Short poem about a teleportation accident Why is the use of enemy flags, insignia, uniforms and emblems forbidden in international humanitarian law? How did ZX Spectrum games loaders prevent the use of MERGE? Short story involving a future in which janitors run the world How does population size impact the precision of the results Does one need to buy tickets in advance for Deutsche Bahn train? What are some monsters or spells that could trap NPCs for a long time without killing them? Can a totally ordered set with a last element but no first element exist, or is this contradictory? Up and up they go Is this Order of Scribes wizard combo with the Elemental Bane and Faithful Hound spells a legal exploit? Why can't NSolve solve for the obvious zeros? Are the names of lightroots the names of shrines spelled backwards? Is it possible to fill the second column with something automatically? Magnetic field changes induced by vibrating electric guitar string Dynamically Linking a Proprietary Module to a GPL-Covered Library (C/C++) Problems in NP with non-trivial certificate C23 Vector Macro Implementation Samsung SyncMaster 3 cannot show resolutions up from 800x600 despite manual saying otherwise Does rebooting a phone daily increase your phone's security? more hot questions Recent questions feed Subscribe to RSS Recent questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Ask Ubuntu Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Company Stack Overflow Teams Advertising Collectives Talent About Press Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Ubuntu and the circle of friends logo are trade marks of Canonical Limited and are used under licence. Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings