Server Fault Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 181 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading… Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company, and our products. current community Server Fault help chat Meta Server Fault your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Server Fault is a question and answer site for system and network administrators. It only takes a minute to sign up. Sign up to join this community Anybody can ask a question Anybody can answer The best answers are voted up and rise to the top Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Unanswered Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Explore our questions Ask Question linuxwindowsapache-2.2nginxubuntunetworkingdomain-name-systemcentosactive-directorywindows-server-2008 more tags Active 2 Bountied Hot Week Month 0 votes 0 answers 3 views Grafana stuck on loading screen cloudflare nginx-reverse-proxy grafana DisplayName 145 asked 4 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 3 views Can I preserve BCC recipients sent to an external archive system using auto_bccwith Postfix? postfix cartmanbrah 1 asked 9 mins ago 4 votes 2 answers 385 views What minimum versions of operating systems and browsers are compatible with Google-managed SSL certificates? ssl-certificate google-cloud-platform browser Greg Dubicki 1,300 modified 26 mins ago 3 votes 2 answers 61 views There is no replication in a HA Cluster mysql cluster drbd BaronSamedi1958 13k modified 34 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 7 views Enabling UFW breaks all http and https connections linux iptables https http ufw uQlel 1 asked 34 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 6 views Learning reason of incorrect redirect in Nginx nginx web-server redirect Gregory Miermont 1 asked 40 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 5 views How do you enforce a custom password policy on LUKS FDE (Ubuntu 22)? ubuntu security luks password-policy fastraul 1 asked 45 mins ago -1 votes 2 answers 130 views Icinga Agent Security linux monitoring icinga Neloy Ahmed 1 answered 48 mins ago 0 votes 1 answer 4k views Proxmox 5.2 Gemini Lake and IGD (graphics) pass through for Ubuntu 18 intel proxmox CommunityBot 1 modified 51 mins ago 0 votes 1 answer 3 views TeamCity upgrade fails with "Can't take exclusive lock when db lock is not held" mysql docker mariadb teamcity vpetersson 821 answered 55 mins ago -1 votes 4 answers 3k views Upgrade windows server 2016 to 2019 , Evaluation ISO is not prompt for a license key during the installation windows-server-2016 windows-server-2019 Oliver Paul 1 modified 1 hour ago 0 votes 1 answer 18 views How to back up mysql/mariadb database as mysql root when using unix socket for sql access in a bash script? ubuntu mysql backup bash mariadb symcbean 20.4k answered 1 hour ago 2 votes 1 answer 4k views Cannot connect to RDS from Elasticbeanstalk - Connection timed out amazon-web-services amazon-ec2 Greg Askew 35.4k modified 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 5 views NGINX adds header multiple times falsely nginx cors sascha10000 101 asked 1 hour ago Browse more Questions Hot Network Questions Is the full GPS constellation a Walker Delta constellation? Is it too much to create a book cover for a potential book for an interview? Plausibility of using orbital mirrors to dig a canyon A particular nonlinear second-order ODE with parameter Does there exist a field where all even degree equations have solutions but not all odd degree equations? What academic evidence is there of the pronunciation of gn as ɲn in Vulgar Latin? Reasoning about CwFs in a proof assistant SFDX: exports.getOrgApiVersion is not a function Combine 1,3,3,7 to get 10 What telescope is Polish astronomer Kazimierz Kordylewski holding in this April 1964 photo at the Jagiellonian University Observatory in Krakow? How did ZX Spectrum games loaders prevent the use of MERGE? Is there a good reason for the IRS to seize ATF 4473 Forms? Resisting a classic Buddhist Argument for Mereological Nihilism LED reverse voltage rating Magnetic field changes induced by vibrating electric guitar string Determining four rational numbers, given their pairwise sums Film about people in a rural area trapped behind a force field Unclear usages of の Is humor unacceptable in referee reports? failed pt-online-schema-change left behind triggers. How to delete? Why is auto keyword useful for compiler-writers in C? Is there evidence of a pagan temple on the site of the Jewish Temple in Jerusalem that predated the Jewish Temple? Looking for a switch or circuit that resets when power is lost in a 12V application? What is causing the pilot light to go out with a loud clunk? more hot questions Recent questions feed Subscribe to RSS Recent questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Server Fault Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Company Stack Overflow Teams Advertising Collectives Talent About Press Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings