Super User Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 181 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading… Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company, and our products. current community Super User help chat Meta Super User your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Super User is a question and answer site for computer enthusiasts and power users. It only takes a minute to sign up. Sign up to join this community Anybody can ask a question Anybody can answer The best answers are voted up and rise to the top Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Unanswered Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Explore our questions Ask Question linuxwindowswindows-7windows-10networkingmicrosoft-excelmacosubuntuhard-drivewireless-networking more tags Active 1 Bountied Hot Week Month 0 votes 0 answers 2 views executing bash script on rotation with iio-sensor-proxy gnome bash-scripting systemd linux-kernel events definitiv 1 asked 2 mins ago 3 votes 4 answers 9k views Server 2012R2 - "Access Denied" on drive in Explorer, but can browse by CMD line permissions ntfs hyper-v windows-server-2012-r2 Baba Bhuvanesh 1 answered 14 mins ago 0 votes 1 answer 8 views Linear Trendline does show up wrong in x,y chart in Excel microsoft-excel charts trendlines help-info.de 1,774 modified 16 mins ago 2 votes 2 answers 59 views Disable content-type detection for CSS types in Firefox firefox firewall css content-type-association cachius 157 modified 20 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 82 views Microsoft Teams doesn't respect monitor position on restoring from the taskbar multiple-monitors windows-11 microsoft-teams Nestor 715 modified 30 mins ago 2 votes 2 answers 414 views Is it possible to tail both file and journalctl using the same console? tail journaling GDR 308 answered 38 mins ago 1 vote 0 answers 8 views PuTTYgen Error "Couldn't load private key (decryption check failed) putty openssh winscp Thomas Parikka 111 asked 38 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 5 views Restore overwritten Access DB in Windows windows backup data-recovery microsoft-access file-recovery Stephan Miller 1 asked 41 mins ago 8 votes 5 answers 14k views BIOS upgrade lowers CPU temperature cpu bios temperature belimo 1 modified 42 mins ago 3 votes 1 answer 12k views 5.1 audio over SPDIF on Windows 10? windows-10 audio sound-card aac spdif CommunityBot 1 modified 48 mins ago 1 vote 1 answer 4k views Xrandr on osx not recognising screens macos multiple-monitors xrandr CommunityBot 1 modified 48 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 5 views Colored multiline PS1 losing track of where the beginning of the command is bash colors ps1 onlycparra 131 asked 58 mins ago 1 vote 2 answers 25 views Can I move my D drive to a "D" partition on my C drive? windows hard-drive partitioning ssd harrymc 448k modified 1 hour ago -2 votes 1 answer 42 views NVME SSD mit PCIe 2.0? nvme kumpel4 1 modified 1 hour ago Browse more Questions Hot Network Questions Reasoning about CwFs in a proof assistant ImageWriter II occasionally prints hex dumps Why can't NSolve solve for the obvious zeros? If Boris Johnson returns as an MP, would he have to serve the 90-day suspension for lying to Parliament? Junior professorships (W1) in Germany - does the 6 year limit before start apply to all states? What is causing the pilot light to go out with a loud clunk? LED reverse voltage rating InterpolationOrder creates a sharp valley even if I increase the number of points. How to have a smooth curve? A particular nonlinear second-order ODE with parameter Why are sometimes the brightest star of a constellation not named alpha? Word for the collectively leadership and important roles in a society Why exchange bishop for knight in this endgame? Am I using the chi-squared test correctly? Determining four rational numbers, given their pairwise sums How to write time signatures in emails and texts Does one need to buy tickets in advance for Deutsche Bahn train? Samsung SyncMaster 3 cannot show resolutions up from 800x600 despite manual saying otherwise Is this Order of Scribes wizard combo with the Elemental Bane and Faithful Hound spells a legal exploit? Plausibility of using orbital mirrors to dig a canyon Vertices of a regular dodecahedron IR LED with transistor Why is auto keyword useful for compiler-writers in C? Proving the Replica Trick works Trailer spare tire mount: U-bolt threads too long for lug wrench more hot questions Recent questions feed Subscribe to RSS Recent questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Super User Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Company Stack Overflow Teams Advertising Collectives Talent About Press Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings