Trusted Knowledge Sharing Platform for Technologists: Stack Overflow for Teams - Stack Overflow ProductsMenu Stack Overflow for Teams Why Teams? Our solutionIntegrationsFeaturesCustomer SuccessSecurityReturn on Investment (ROI)Use cases Engineers Data Scientists DevOps & SREs Support Product Managment Customers Resources Learning center Customer help center Plans Get started Stack Overflow for Teams The answer to your developers’ problems. One tool to house everything your developers need to know. From code to vacation policies. All up-to-date. All in one place. Empower your team Watch overview video Supporting the innovative teams at: Prevent the interruptions that prevent deep work. Quick questions are rarely quick. 23 minutes lost every time a team member is interrupted. Source: Fast Company That time adds up to a lot of frustration, for both the person answering and the person waiting for an answer. More time for innovation. How are you making sure your developers have time to learn and stretch and innovate? See how much time they’d have without unnecessary interruptions. Total hours spent per day by people searching for solutions and answering questions Number of developers and technologists at your company 1010100,000 What assumptions did we make? Hours spent High estimate Low estimate Day 1 41 hours 8 hours Day 2 82 hours 16 hours Day 3 123 hours 24 hours Day 4 164 hours 32 hours Day 5 205 hours 40 hours Preferred by developers and technologists around the world. Over 100 million developers and technologists visit our public platform every month. Empower them to innovate with a tool they already know and love. Explore the features your teams prefer Break down silos. Build collaboration. Empower every employee to contribute, learn, and nerd out in one place. So your most junior employee can share the knowledge of your most senior. See how we help teams collaborate “Stack Overflow has a dedicated platform for collaborators to come together to solve nebulous problems in an asynchronous, documented way with multiple perspectives that evolve into a structured format that captures collective insights.” Source: Technology’s Future Is Human-Centered 2022 Forrester Research, Inc. Level up your existing tools. Stack Overflow for Teams works with your existing tech stack to centralize knowledge that’s scattered, buried, and impossible to find. Learn about our integrations An award-winning tool to attract and retain award winning talent. Recruit the best developers and keep them by giving them the tool they already trust and use. G2 Awards Leader (Europe) Summer 2023 G2 Awards Leader (Enterprise) Summer 2023 G2 Awards Leader (Q&A Platforms, Knowledge Base) Summer 2023 G2 Awards Best Relationship (Q&A Platforms) Summer 2023 G2 Awards Momentum Leader (Q&A Platforms, Knowledge Base) Summer 2023 G2 Awards Leader (Mid-Market) Summer 2023 G2 Awards Most Implementable (Q&A Platforms) Summer 2023 G2 Awards Leader (Small-Business) Summer 2023 The SaaS Awards Best SaaS for Productivity 2022 RemoteTech Awards Developer Collaboration Platform 2021-2022 APPEALIE SaaS Awards Collaboration + Productivity 2021 The API Awards Communications APIs 2022 The EdTech Awards Cool Tool Finalist 2022 See how we help organizations… Attract, onboard, and retain top talent. “When these questions are on Stack Overflow, I get to be more productive because I don't have to answer the same question twice.” See how Microsoft retained their top talent Boost team productivity and collaboration. “Any programmer knows how to use Stack Overflow, so to have it applied to a single code base is just that much more valuable” See how Expensify boosted their productivity Accelerate innovation. “We had these subject matter experts and they have a ton of arcane knowledge locked in their brains or possibly in some documents, but getting people to the right documents was really hard.” See how Dropbox accelerated their innovation Build your organization’s knowledge for the future. You need a modern approach to knowledge sharing. One that works if you’re hybrid, all-remote, or in-office. Make your workplace work for everyone, everywhere, all the time. Get started today G2 review site logo Named in two of G2’s lists of Best Software for 2023! 4.5/5 LightDarkAuto Stack Overflow AboutPressWork HereContact Us Questions Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Policies Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Channels Blog Podcast Newsletter Twitter LinkedIn Instagram