Database Administrators Stack Exchange Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 181 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading… Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company, and our products. current community Database Administrators help chat Database Administrators Meta your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Database Administrators Stack Exchange is a question and answer site for database professionals who wish to improve their database skills and learn from others in the community. It only takes a minute to sign up. Sign up to join this community Anybody can ask a question Anybody can answer The best answers are voted up and rise to the top Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Unanswered Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Explore our questions Ask Question sql-servermysqlpostgresqloracleperformancedatabase-designsql-server-2012sql-server-2008sql-server-2008-r2replication more tags Active Hot Week Month 0 votes 0 answers 9 views change the primary key - without using dynamic sql and without raising an error when generating the execution plan sql-server execution-plan primary-key errors parse Marcello Miorelli 15.6k modified 3 mins ago 0 votes 1 answer 9 views What properties should the column in GROUP BY Clause have in SQL? mysql group-by aggregate Phill W. 7,924 answered 12 mins ago 0 votes 1 answer 6 views Indexes for speeding up find by rank / counting mysql postgresql query-performance index index-tuning Nick 101 answered 17 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 6 views Separating two numeric characters from among several characters between two columns database-design adin abedian 1 modified 28 mins ago 2 votes 1 answer 2k views MariaDB I/O capacity with innodb_io_capacity parameter mariadb parameter CommunityBot 1 modified 50 mins ago 2 votes 3 answers 978 views SQL Server Pagination using CTE sql-server sql-server-2008-r2 sql-server-2005 AA.SC 4,011 modified 1 hour ago 0 votes 2 answers 247 views Aggregate Query in SQL Developer query oracle-sql-developer CommunityBot 1 modified 1 hour ago 0 votes 1 answer 94 views "0 records imported" when importing JSON file to MySQL Workbench mysql json mysql-workbench TechOpp 1 answered 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 4 views Can a user connect to multiple Basic Availability Groups via listeners? sql-server availability-groups high-availability Miranda 23 asked 2 hours ago 0 votes 2 answers 39 views How to benchmark SQL Server performance after hardware replacement? sql-server sql-server-2017 kesadae11 76 modified 2 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 47 views Transparent Data Encryption doesn't appear to start encrypting the DB sql-server sql-server-2017 transparent-data-encryption user2173353 293 answered 2 hours ago 2 votes 1 answer 1k views Add shared folder to AlwaysOn AG Failover sql-server-2012 availability-groups high-availability microsoft-dynamics CommunityBot 1 modified 2 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 12 views Best approach to storing large volumes of encrypted text sql-server-2016 encryption jvndev 101 modified 2 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 5 views How do I apply a Cassandra patch or perform a minor version upgrade? cassandra Erick Ramirez 2,832 answered 2 hours ago Browse more Questions Hot Network Questions Buffer accuracy in virtual layer differs from accuracy in PostGIS view Does 'see a [person] [verb]-ing' necessitate seeing both the person and their action? Is there evidence of a pagan temple on the site of the Jewish Temple in Jerusalem that predated the Jewish Temple? Are passengers required to obey pilots' commands? Am I using the chi-squared test correctly? Why is rock or metal often cold to the touch but wood or plastic is not? Martin's magic teapot Why does this native speaker (Youtuber) say "...a island" but not "...an island": "I thought the 50 grand was getting me a island." Hiking Circuits Resisting a classic Buddhist Argument for Mereological Nihilism Why is auto keyword useful for compiler-writers in C? An interesting trigonometric integral Why are sometimes the brightest star of a constellation not named alpha? Up and up they go Multiple alignments of different equation types in math mode Compare new txt file with old txt file and remove all data that matches Looking for a switch or circuit that resets when power is lost in a 12V application? Do more legislative seats make Gerrymandering harder? Is there a good reason for the IRS to seize ATF 4473 Forms? If Boris Johnson returns as an MP, would he have to serve the 90-day suspension for lying to Parliament? Why "previously learned knowledge" is a natural phrase in English, although "learn knowledge" is not? Does one need to buy tickets in advance for Deutsche Bahn train? Unclear usages of の failed pt-online-schema-change left behind triggers. How to delete? more hot questions Recent questions feed Subscribe to RSS Recent questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Database Administrators Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Company Stack Overflow Teams Advertising Collectives Talent About Press Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings