Quantum Computing Stack Exchange Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 181 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading… Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company, and our products. current community Quantum Computing help chat Quantum Computing Meta your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Quantum Computing Stack Exchange is a question and answer site for engineers, scientists, programmers, and computing professionals interested in quantum computing. It only takes a minute to sign up. Sign up to join this community Anybody can ask a question Anybody can answer The best answers are voted up and rise to the top Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Unanswered Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Explore our questions Ask Question qiskitquantum-gateprogrammingquantum-statealgorithmentanglementcircuit-constructionibm-q-experienceerror-correctionmeasurement more tags Active Hot Week Month 0 votes 0 answers 4 views Global vs local: global density matrix and all the reduced density matrix quantum-state fidelity tomography correlations state-preparation Michael.Andy 367 asked 1 hour ago 1 vote 1 answer 12 views Can any channel be represented as $A\rho A^\dagger$ for some $A$? quantum-operation kraus-representation glS♦ 21.9k modified 2 hours ago 1 vote 0 answers 12 views Why is it necessary for the Fault-tolerant error correction condition to take into account two qubit errors? error-correction fault-tolerance lan 11 asked 3 hours ago 1 vote 3 answers 37 views Why is the error propagation by the CNOT gate considered without taking into account the state? quantum-gate measurement stabilizer-code pauli-gates stim DaftWullie 52.7k answered 4 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 21 views Entangling two particles at a distance entanglement communication DaftWullie 52.7k modified 5 hours ago 1 vote 1 answer 48 views Recover the noisy POVMs of Bell basis measurement measurement bell-basis povm depolarizing-channel narip 2,802 modified 8 hours ago 6 votes 1 answer 133 views Is the quantum Fourier transform efficient if only one control-phase is allowed in the gate set quantum-gate quantum-fourier-transform universal-gates dragomang87 63 modified 9 hours ago 2 votes 1 answer 59 views Are Clifford operations not universal unless a quantum computer is efficiently classically simulatable? universal-gates magic-states Mark Spinelli 9,533 answered 15 hours ago 1 vote 1 answer 138 views How do you write the Hadamard operator on two qubits in braket notation? textbook-and-exercises hadamard glS♦ 21.9k modified 18 hours ago 6 votes 3 answers 2k views Partial trace over a product of matrices - prove that ${\rm Tr}(\rho^{AB}(\sigma^A\otimes I))={\rm Tr}(\rho^A\sigma^A)$ density-matrix nielsen-and-chuang information-theory tensor-product partial-trace Sooraj S 721 modified 18 hours ago 1 vote 1 answer 47 views How to read the result of this HHL algorithm circuit output? algorithm quantum-circuit hhl-algorithm James 397 modified 19 hours ago 1 vote 1 answer 42 views Error correction simulation after state injection error-correction stabilizer-code universal-gates Craig Gidney 30.6k modified 19 hours ago 1 vote 1 answer 70 views G-twisted Pauli twirl circuit information-theory pauli-gates noise epelaez 2,820 answered 20 hours ago -1 votes 1 answer 40 views Can we initialize two arrays in two different qubits in a 2-qubit quantum circuit in IBMq? quantum-gate Arpita 13 modified 22 hours ago Browse more Questions Hot Network Questions Safe to remove plastic chainring cover? Does there exist a field where all even degree equations have solutions but not all odd degree equations? failed pt-online-schema-change left behind triggers. How to delete? What telescope is Polish astronomer Kazimierz Kordylewski holding in this April 1964 photo at the Jagiellonian University Observatory in Krakow? Why is rock or metal often cold to the touch but wood or plastic is not? Hiking Circuits Why exchange bishop for knight in this endgame? How to bevel curved objects with many sharp turns? Multiple alignments of different equation types in math mode How did ZX Spectrum games loaders prevent the use of MERGE? How to deal with an enthusiastic new player who's interrupting others? aka, How to gently teach "improv etiquette"? Does 'see a [person] [verb]-ing' necessitate seeing both the person and their action? Samsung SyncMaster 3 cannot show resolutions up from 800x600 despite manual saying otherwise Why can't NSolve solve for the obvious zeros? An interesting trigonometric integral Am I using the chi-squared test correctly? Trailer spare tire mount: U-bolt threads too long for lug wrench Is it too much to create a book cover for a potential book for an interview? Resisting a classic Buddhist Argument for Mereological Nihilism Looking for a switch or circuit that resets when power is lost in a 12V application? Short poem about a teleportation accident How would humans adapt to suddenly gaining new senses? Why is auto keyword useful for compiler-writers in C? Is there evidence of a pagan temple on the site of the Jewish Temple in Jerusalem that predated the Jewish Temple? more hot questions Recent questions feed Subscribe to RSS Recent questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Quantum Computing Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Company Stack Overflow Teams Advertising Collectives Talent About Press Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings