Game Development Stack Exchange Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 181 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading… Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company, and our products. current community Game Development help chat Game Development Meta your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Game Development Stack Exchange is a question and answer site for professional and independent game developers. It only takes a minute to sign up. Sign up to join this community Anybody can ask a question Anybody can answer The best answers are voted up and rise to the top Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Unanswered Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Explore our questions Ask Question unityc#openglc++2djavaxnacollision-detectionphysicslibgdx more tags Active Hot Week Month 0 votes 1 answer 37 views How do tween librarys in Unity update tweens? unity lerp tweening Ivan 187 modified 19 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 9 views Is directional shadow mapping without projection matrix possible? shadow-mapping projection-matrix philB 99 asked 3 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 37 views BasisParser returns undefined from loading KTX2 file with custom extension textures webgl compression pixi.js typescript Kristof Van Der Haeghen 1 answered 4 hours ago 3 votes 2 answers 838 views Efficient 2D grid overlay on tiles without each cell being its own GameObject unity c# 2d CommunityBot 1 modified 6 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 9 views Unity Blend tree - How to blend animations with different lengths unity animation animator Dennis K 101 asked 7 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 14 views Recommended approach to image rendering on quads for OpenGL-backed canvas opengl rendering graphics-programming Kevin Reid 5,158 answered 9 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 26 views Unprojecting screen space to world space stops working when camera not at origin mathematics glm vulkan ZachMakesGames 1 answered 9 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 5 views How to draw selected instances with gl_InstanceID and glDrawElements...? opengl instancing KennyTan 1 asked 9 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 59 views How to launch a soccer ball on a parabolic path in a 2.5D game? unity c# graphic-effects projectile-physics 2.5d Bluze Ocean 61 answered 11 hours ago 1 vote 1 answer 2k views Change game from portrait to landscape dynamically java android libgdx orientation CommunityBot 1 modified 11 hours ago 1 vote 1 answer 24 views I want add a piece of code where the game checks if the players velocity along the Y axis is under a certain number c# Poosha 11 modified 12 hours ago 0 votes 2 answers 30 views How to calculate shadow position below arcing projectile in Isometric 2d tilebased grid? unity tilemap isometric grid linear-algebra Poosha 11 modified 12 hours ago 0 votes 3 answers 31 views Switching states within conditional statements in C# unity c# state fsm Adam B 760 answered 12 hours ago 3 votes 1 answer 550 views How to render a grid of dots being exactly 1x1 pixel wide using a shader? unity shaders gpu pixel DMGregory♦ 127k modified 12 hours ago Browse more Questions Hot Network Questions Short poem about a teleportation accident IR LED with transistor Why is auto keyword useful for compiler-writers in C? What characterizes a future-proof ebike drive system? Does 'see a [person] [verb]-ing' necessitate seeing both the person and their action? Why does NIST SP 800-90C RBG3 construction require XOR or reseeding a DRBG with a physical entropy source to produce full entropy? Is there a good reason for the IRS to seize ATF 4473 Forms? Are the names of lightroots the names of shrines spelled backwards? Reasoning about CwFs in a proof assistant Do more legislative seats make Gerrymandering harder? How does "thou" equal "oneg"? What telescope is Polish astronomer Kazimierz Kordylewski holding in this April 1964 photo at the Jagiellonian University Observatory in Krakow? Electrical - Ground used a Neutral Looking for a switch or circuit that resets when power is lost in a 12V application? Combine 1,3,3,7 to get 10 Safe to remove plastic chainring cover? failed pt-online-schema-change left behind triggers. How to delete? Magnetic field changes induced by vibrating electric guitar string How did ZX Spectrum games loaders prevent the use of MERGE? Did Andrew Tate claim his job was to seduce women and get them on a webcam? Is there evidence of a pagan temple on the site of the Jewish Temple in Jerusalem that predated the Jewish Temple? Line of Best Fit with or Without Constant Term Dynamically Linking a Proprietary Module to a GPL-Covered Library (C/C++) Why are Search & Rescue aircraft looking for the OceanGate Titan submarine not visible on ADS-B Exchange? more hot questions Recent questions feed Subscribe to RSS Recent questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Game Development Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Company Stack Overflow Teams Advertising Collectives Talent About Press Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings