Cookie Policy - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Public Network Terms of Service Stack Overflow for Teams Terms of Service Free Basic Business API Terms of Use Advertising Terms of Service Agency IAB Terms Advertiser IAB Terms Employer Branding Agreement Privacy Policy Teams: Free, Basic & Business Teams, Enterprise Collectives Integrations Microsoft Teams - Teams: Free, Basic & Business Microsoft Teams - Teams, Enterprise Slack - Teams: Free, Basic & Business Slack - Teams, Enterprise Jira - Teams, Business Jira - Teams, Enterprise Talent General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Subprocessors Stack Overflow for Teams Data Processing Addendum Collectives Joint Controller Agreement Cookie Policy Acceptable Use Policy Trademark Guidance Digital Services Act Contact Submit Data Request Stack Exchange Cookie Policy Updated 23 January 2023 Please read this cookie policy carefully as it contains important information on who we are and how we use cookies on our website. This policy should be read together with our privacy policy which sets out how and why we collect, store, use and share personal information generally, as well as your rights in relation to your personal information and details of how to contact us and supervisory authorities if you have a complaint. Who we are? This website is operated by the Stack Exchange Network (also referred to herein as “Stack Overflow”, “Stack Exchange”, or “Network”). Stack Overflow is a set of related Internet sites and other applications for questions and answers, owned and operated by Stack Exchange, Inc. (“Stack Overflow”, “we” or “us”), a Delaware corporation. Our website This cookie policy only relates to your use of our websites, apps and services listed below: askubuntu.com, mathoverflow.net, serverfault.com, stackapps.com, stackexchange.com, stackoverflow.co, stackoverflow.com, stackoverflow.blog, stackoverflowsolutions.com, stackoverflowteams.com, superuser.com. Throughout our websites we may link to other websites owned and operated by certain trusted third parties to service advertisements or provide analytical services. These other third party websites may also use cookies or similar technologies in accordance with their own separate policies. For privacy information relating to these other third party websites, please consult their policies as appropriate. Cookies A cookie is a small text file that our sites store on your computer or mobile device when you visit our websites. Our websites, apps and other services (“Sites”), send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer or other device so the website or app can access, store or collect information from your device when you first request a web page. Browsers support cookies and similar technologies (such as local storage and pixels) so that our websites can remember information about your visit and can use the information to improve your experience and to create aggregated anonymized statistics about usage of the site. In this Policy, we use the term “cookie” to refer both to cookies and similar technologies. Cookies may be set by the site you are visiting (“first-party cookies”) or by a third party, such as those who provide analytics or advertising services or interactive content on the site (“third-party cookies”). In addition to using cookies on our sites, we may also serve our cookies (specifically, our advertising pixel) on third-party sites operated by our advertisers who use our advertising platform. If you use the Stack Overflow Network, both Stack Overflow and third parties will use cookies to track and monitor some of your activities on and off the Stack Overflow Network, and store and access some data about you, your browsing history, and your usage of the Stack Overflow Network. Third Party Cookies Our third party partners and other organizations that sponsor pages on Stack Overflow may use cookies or other technologies to learn more about your interest in their products and services and in some cases to tailor such products and services to you. Third-Party Cookies: Our services also include cookies from third parties that we partner with or which provide services us. These include third party companies that work with us or with advertisers who advertise on the Stack Exchange Network in order to help target ads or measure the results of an advertising campaign. For further information on cookies generally, including how to control and manage them, visit the guidance on cookies published by the UK Information Commissioner’s Office, https://www.aboutcookies.org or https://www.allaboutcookies.org. Categories of cookies Strictly Necessary These cookies are necessary for our website to function properly and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms or where they’re essential to provide you with a service you have requested. You cannot opt-out of these cookies. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but if you do, some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Domain Cookies Used as askubuntu.com, mathoverflow.net, serverfault.com, stackapps.com, stackexchange.com, stackoverflow.co, stackoverflow.com, stackoverflow.blog, stackoverflowsolutions.com, stackoverflowteams.com, superuser.com acct, csouser, drafts, fkey, flash-message-json, have_a_cookie, hero-dismissed, job-alert-tooltip-dismissed, job-alert-verified-email, job-visitor-survey-dismissed, jquery-fallback, mobileSearchAccordion, no-responsiveness, OptanonAlertBoxClosed, OptanonConsent, optimizelyEndUserId, optimizelyPPID, prov, sgt, theme, uauth, usr 1st Party stackoverflow.email iterableEmailCampaignId, iterableEndUserId, iterableMessageId, iterableTemplateId 1st Party stackexchange.com mc, rawr 1st Party imgur.com __cfduid 3rd Party stacksnippets.net intercom-id-inf0secd, intercom-session-inf0secd 3rd Party google.com __Secure-3PAPISID, __Secure-3PSID, __Secure-APISID, __Secure-HSID, __Secure-SSID, 1P_JAR, APISID, HSID, NID, SAPISID, SID, SIDCC, SSID 3rd Party intercom.com gtm_id 3rd Party Additionally, some strictly necessary cookies are dynamically generated based on unique identifiers. These cookies are: Domain Cookies Used as askubuntu.com, mathoverflow.net, serverfault.com, stackapps.com, stackexchange.com, stackoverflow.co, stackoverflow.com, stackoverflow.blog, stackoverflowsolutions.com, stackoverflowteams.com, superuser.com {site}usr, {site}user, AuthMethodBanner-Dismissed-{id}, notice-{name}, p{postId}, rk-{postId} 1st Party Optional cookies We will ask for your permission to place the cookies listed below on your device, but if you opt out of them, some functions may not work properly. We will only use these cookies with your permission when you accept our use of the cookies. These are explained in more detail below. Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site, which helps us optimize your experience. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not be able to use your data in this way. Domain Cookies Used as askubuntu.com, mathoverflow.net, serverfault.com, stackapps.com, stackexchange.com, stackoverflow.co, stackoverflow.com, stackoverflow.blog, stackoverflowsolutions.com, stackoverflowteams.com, superuser.com __qca, _ga, _gat, _gat_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx, _gid, _ym_d, _ym_isad, _ym_uid, referral 1st Party mc.yandex.ru sync_cookie_csrf, yabs-sid 3rd Party mc.yandex.com sync_cookie_csrf, sync_cookie_ok 3rd Party quantserve.com mc 3rd Party www.google-analytics.com fkey, ga_client_id 3rd Party Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Domain Cookies Used as askubuntu.com, mathoverflow.net, serverfault.com, stackapps.com, stackexchange.com, stackoverflow.co, stackoverflow.com, stackoverflow.blog, stackoverflowsolutions.com, stackoverflowteams.com, superuser.com mfnes 1st Party vimeo.com vuid 3rd Party github.com _gh_sess, _octo, logged_in 3rd Party Targeting Cookies These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and may be set through our site by us or by our advertising partners. They may be used to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertising on our site or on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. Domain Cookies Used as askubuntu.com, mathoverflow.net, serverfault.com, stackapps.com, stackexchange.com, stackoverflow.co, stackoverflow.com, stackoverflow.blog, stackoverflowsolutions.com, stackoverflowteams.com, superuser.com __gads, _gat_legacyTracker, prov_tgt, urr 1st Party pt.stackoverflow.com GoogleAdServingTest 1st Party youtube.com GPS 3rd Party linkedin.com bcookie, lang, li_gc, lidc, lissc, UserMatchHistory 3rd Party twitter.com guest_id, guest_id_ads, guest_id_marketing, personalization_id 3rd Party mathtag.com mt_mop, uuid 3rd Party yandex.ru i, yandexuid, ymex 3rd Party doubleclick.net IDE, test_cookie 3rd Party ads.linkedin.com lang 3rd Party crwdcntrl.net _cc_aud, _cc_cc, _cc_dc, _cc_id 3rd Party bing.com MUID 3rd Party scorecardresearch.com UID, UIDR 3rd Party www.linkedin.com bscookie, JSESSIONID 3rd Party casalemedia.com CMID, CMPRO, CMPS, CMST 3rd Party facebook.com fr 3rd Party demdex.net demdex 3rd Party yahoo.com A1, A1S, A3, B, GUC 3rd Party en.wikipedia.org WMF-Last-Access 3rd Party www.facebook.com 3rd Party You can withdraw any consent to the use of cookies or manage any other cookie preferences by visiting our Cookie Settings or clicking on the bottom of every page of our websites. You can then toggle on or off the buttons as appropriate. It may be necessary to refresh the page for the updated settings to be displayed. Our use of cookies Third party access to the cookies Our third party partners and other organizations that sponsor pages on Stack Overflow may use cookies or other technologies to learn more about your interest in their products and services and in some cases to tailor such products and services to you. Third-Party Cookies: Our services also include cookies from third parties that we partner with directly or indirectly. Many of these third parties are companies that work with us or with advertisers who advertise on the Stack Exchange Network in order to help target ads or measure the results of an advertising campaign. More information about the cookies we use General Browsing: We use cookies that are important for certain technical features of our website, like logging into user accounts and implementing fixes and improvements to our platform. These cookies: Enable behavior in our Products and/or Services that is tailored to the activity or preferences of a person visiting our properties Allow users to opt out of certain types of modeling, tailoring, or personalization in our products Collect information on our users’ preferences in order to create more useful products Maintain the regular business operations of our Advertising and Marketing departments (such as one-time pop-ups or “hero” displays when first visiting a site and to collect impressions and click data) Help to diagnose and correct downtime, bugs, and errors in our code to ensure that our products are operating efficiently Public Q&A Platform: We use cookies that support and enhance our public Q&A platform by enabling important functionality. Such activity includes tracking and attributing reputation and badges based on site activity. These cookies: Validate the authenticity of persons attempting to gain access to a specific user account Enable the core platform of community-generated questions and answers, including diagnosing and resolving issues within our Q&A platform Identify individual users to attribute activities and awards Allow you to create an optional, résumé-like listing of user achievements and employment history, comparable to a resume, which users can reference when applying for new jobs through our Talent platform or externally Talent Platform: We use cookies to run our Talent platform, allowing prospective employers to recruit for open positions and users to view and apply for those positions. These cookies: Validate the authenticity of persons attempting to gain access to a specific user account Help us to comply with legal requirements in recruitment and hiring Provide a means of contact for Talent employers (including opting out of the Talent candidate listings) Allow employers to target specific users (via searches and marketing efforts) who are likely to qualify for a given position Allow users to save searches in order to more quickly identify newly listed jobs Create a channel of direct communication between our support staff and users who request assistance Support integration of job applications and listings from our platform to third-party applicant tracking systems (ATS). Stack Overflow Teams: We use cookies for our Teams platform, enabling groups to access our secured, private Q&A solution. These cookies: Validate the identity of authorized persons and accounts to gain access to a specific Team or Company account Enable the core platform of team-generated questions and answers, including diagnosing and resolving issues within our Teams Q&A platform Identify individual users to attribute activities and awards Advertising: We use cookies to enable advertising with our third-party Partners, which in turn allows us to provide many of our services free of charge. These cookies: Customize the ad experience for our users, including tailoring job and display ads to the technologies a person has previously looked at, the communities a person has visited, and the job ads a person has already seen Allow direct communication between a 3rd party partner who hosts a promotional event with us, and users who have opted into the promotion Allow us to track when a Stack Overflow user sees or clicks on an ad or later visits a third-party website or purchases a product on a third-party website Collect impressions and click data for internal reporting and product optimization Analytics: We use cookies to compile usage activity in order to better cater our Products and Services offerings to you, and to third parties. We DO NOT share identifiable “raw” data with our clients or any third parties, however we do make high-level decisions based on aggregated data about your usage of our Products and Services. These cookies: Monitor site traffic and behavior flows of users Measure the effectiveness of on-site products Measure the effectiveness of off-site marketing campaigns and tactics How to turn off all cookies and consequences of doing so If you do not want to accept any cookies, you may be able to change your browser settings so that cookies (including those which are essential to the services requested) are not accepted. If you do this, please be aware that you may lose some of the functionality of our website. For further information about cookies and how to disable them please go www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org. Your browser settings Your browser includes controls that allow you to manage the use of cookies by the sites that you visit. Most browsers have features that enable you to see and delete cookies stored on your device and to block cookies from all or selected sites. Your browser may be initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features, content, or personalization available through the website. Please check the “Help” section of your browser for more information. You can also click on the links below for more information from external help materials for some of the popular browsers: Mozilla Firefox Apple Safari Google Chrome Microsoft Edge Your mobile device settings Your mobile device may also include browser settings that allow you to manage the use of cookies, especially if the device supports installing apps such as iOS and Android devices. iOS and Android devices also include additional device settings that control whether advertising partners can use information about your app activity for advertising purposes. On iOS, you can search for a setting called Limit Ad Tracking. On Android, you can search for a setting called Opt out of Ads Personalization. Third-party opt-outs The major online advertising industry groups offer tools to limit how cookies are used for advertising purposes by participating third parties. More information is available on these sites from the Network Advertising Initiative, the Digital Advertising Alliance, and for users in the EU, the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance. Also, Google provides web users with the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on to prevent the collection of data via Google Analytics. How to contact us If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding this Cookies Policy, please contact Stack Overflow at: privacy@stackoverflow.com Changes to this policy We may change this policy from time to time, when we do we will inform you by publishing it on our websites. Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings