Social impact at Stack Overflow - Stack Overflow ProductsMenu Stack Overflow Our products Our company LeadershipPressResearchSocial ImpactCareers Open positions Follow us Blog Podcast Newsletter Contact Social Impact Our commitments As one of the world’s largest communities for developers and technologists, we have a responsibility to do good. Just as we are committed to ensuring our platform is a helpful and inclusive place for anyone who codes, we are committed to making positive contributions to the broader tech ecosystem. Our Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Policies & Principles Our Commitment to Human Rights We are committed to the human rights of our workforce. Learn more in our Human Rights Statement and commitment to anti-slavery practices. Our Commitment to DEIB Stack Overflow is committed to a diverse, inclusive, and equitable workplace where all employees feel valued and respected. Learn more on our Careers page. Our Commitment to Sustainability As a wholly-owned subsidiary of Prosus, we are a signatory of the Climate Pledge, committed to reaching net-zero carbon by 2040. Learn more here. Special Initiatives Overflow Offline Stack Overflow, in partnership with a non-profit organization named Kiwix, worked to update and upgrade access to an offline version of our question and answer database. For developers and technologists around the world, Stack Overflow represents the greatest living encyclopedia of knowledge available on the art and practice of programming, with over 50 million questions asked and answered. With the release of Overflow Offline, Kiwix is able to provide a more current and readable version of our dataset to users who want to access this information without an internet connection. Learn more Stack Gives Back Since 2009 we’ve run an annual program called Stack Gives Back. Through the initiative we survey our moderators about charities they would like to support, and then we donate $100 on behalf of each moderator. Over the last 14 years, we’ve donated nearly half a million dollars to organizations such as Doctors Without Borders (Médecins Sans Frontières), the Electronic Frontier Foundation, Girls Who Code, the International Rescue Committee, UNICEF, and more through the Stack Gives Back initiative. Learn more Learn more about our company Learn more about our core values, benefits, and commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion. Careers at Stack Overflow LightDarkAuto Stack Overflow AboutPressWork HereContact Us Questions Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Policies Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Channels Blog Podcast Newsletter Twitter LinkedIn Instagram