Develop your future at Stack Overflow - Stack Overflow ProductsMenu Stack Overflow Our products Our company LeadershipPressResearchSocial ImpactCareers Open positions Follow us Blog Podcast Newsletter Contact Careers Develop your future Join a fast-growing tech company that empowers people to deliver outstanding results and to learn and grow along the way. View current job openings Built In Best place to work 2023 Comparably Best Company Outlook 2022 Comparably Best Company Work-Life Balance 2022 Comparably Best Company Compensation 2022 Comparably Best Places to Work in New York 2022 Comparably Best Leadership Teams 2022 Comparably Best Company: New York 2023 Comparably Happiest Employees 2022 PowerToFly Best work from home company 2021 Women Impact Tech Honoree 2023 Who we are Founded in 2008, Stack Overflow is on a mission to empower the world to develop technology through collective knowledge. More than 100 million people come to Stack Overflow’s public platform every month making it one of the most popular websites in the world. Our private knowledge sharing and collaboration offering, Stack Overflow for Teams, is transforming how people work. Our Reach & Relevance products help companies build their brand (Talent) and reach the world’s largest audience of developers and technologists (Advertising), including through Collectives™ on Stack Overflow. Joining Stack Overflow means helping developers and technologists at life and at work and the chance to work with a smart, talented, and collaborative team. We believe that diverse experience contributes to a broader collective perspective that will consistently lead to better products. Every person we hire makes Stack Overflow an even better place to work. Join us. Our mission Stack Overflow empowers the world to develop technology through collective knowledge. During my time at Stack, I’ve been encouraged to set goals that are not only team and project-based, but also career-based. Over the past two years, Stack has supported me in taking online courses to improve my front-end, UX research, and graphic design skill sets, which have been invaluable to my career growth. Phoebe D. Product Designer Stack Overflow invests in technology, coaching, and numerous resources to enable sales reps to upskill and succeed. The servant leadership culture supports my career growth because managers create a culture of trust, foster leadership in others, and build camaraderie amongst teammates. The support lets us put customers first and grow our careers! Chris N. Senior Account Executive, Advertising I’m an early riser, and having the flexibility to structure my day in a way that works best for me is a huge benefit. I elect to work east coast hours though I’m based in Washington State, which means my afternoons and evenings are free for hiking, rock climbing, paddleboarding, or mountain biking. It’s an excellent balance that keeps me inspired. Eric W. Manager, Customer Success, Teams I’m mostly remote, and I occasionally visit the office. Being new to the office space, I didn’t know what to expect. Everyone was friendly and immediately introduced themselves. The office has a relaxing atmosphere, and the office staff ensures you have everything you need. Dee S. Senior Program Manager, InfoSec View current job openings Our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion Stack Overflow is committed to a diverse, inclusive, and equitable workplace where all employees feel valued and respected. Read our Human Rights Statement Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) We have ERGs that range from Black & Brown to LGBTQ+ to a group focused on neurodiversity. Groups meet regularly, plan company-wide programming, and give feedback to leadership. Recruiting & retention We seek people from a diversity of backgrounds and experiences, particularly from those that are underrepresented at Stack Overflow and our hiring policies and practices reflect this. Advancement opportunities We promote from within the organization often, and we invest in professional development and coaching to ensure all employees are well-positioned to meet and exceed their goals. Giving back We prioritize inclusion on our public platform through numerous initiatives, and we partner with and support organizations working towards racial equity. Our core values Adopt a customer-first mindset Authentically serve our customers by empowering, listening, and collaborating with our fellow Stackers. Be flexible and inclusive We do our best work when a diverse group of people collaborate in an environment of respect and trust. Create space for different voices to be heard, and allow flexibility in how people work. Be transparent Communicate openly and honestly, both inside and outside the company. Encourage transparency from others by being empathetic, reliable, and acting with integrity. Empower people to deliver outstanding results Give people space to get their job done, support them when they need it, and practice blameless accountability. Keep community at our center Community is at the heart of everything we do. Nurture healthy communities where everyone is encouraged to learn and give back. Learn, share, grow Adopt a Growth Mindset. Be curious and eager to learn. Aim for ethical, sustainable, long-term growth, both personally and in the company. Our benefits & perks Focus on well-being We provide full health coverage for you and your family. That means that Stack Overflow pays 100% of your premiums. Additionally, we provide supplemental benefits such as telemedicine options. Out of state care We will reimburse up to $5,000 annually for the participant undergoing treatment or a procedure considered unlawful within their home state, plus a companion. Work where you want We have a remote-friendly culture. Before the pandemic we were 40% remote. Today, we’re over 80% permanently remote and won’t require employees to return to an office if they don’t want to. We believe people do their best work when they love where they work. Work how you want While we’re fully remote, we’re supporting all employees with home office reimbursements and internet stipends. We also encourage employees to set their working hours on their calendar and in Slack to encourage flexibility. Take care of loved ones We offer paid parental leave, a meal stipend, and the primary caregiver has the option to come back to work part time for up to one year. We also have a special caregiver policy due to the pandemic. Keep learning & growing Access to a personal and professional coach on a 1:1 basis to help develop your career. Additionally, all employees have annual tuition reimbursement, professional development budget for continuing education, conferences, and memberships, in order to advance their skills and knowledge. Stay fit & have fun We provide employees monthly fitness reimbursements as well as host regular yoga and meditation classes during the work day. That’s in addition to regular virtual cooking classes, “bev bashes” (what we call happy hours), and more. Stack Gives Back We care deeply for our employees and provide paid time off to encourage their voluntary involvement in and support of programs that positively impact the quality of life within the communities in which we live. And much more such as Summer Fridays, a Calm subscription, and others! Recent company news 31 May 2023 CEO Update: Paving the road forward with AI and community at the center With all the significant changes in the industry, one thing has remained the same: companies are committed to driving productivity and efficiency throughout their organizations, and we continue to help our customers and community deliver both. 18 April 2023 Introducing Communities on Teams: where domain, practice, and community come together with purpose Communities on Teams is a new way to bring people and knowledge together within a specific topic or focus to share valuable resources and collaborate in meaningful ways. 17 April 2023 Community is the future of AI To keep knowledge open and accessible to all, we must come together to build the future of AI. Read more on the blog LightDarkAuto Stack Overflow AboutPressWork HereContact Us Questions Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Policies Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Channels Blog Podcast Newsletter Twitter LinkedIn Instagram