Stack Overflow Blog - Essays, opinions, and advice on the act of computer programming from Stack Overflow. Essays, opinions, and advice on the act of computer programming from Stack Overflow. Search for: Latest Newsletter Podcast Company Featured code-for-a-living June 13, 2023 2023 Developer Survey results are in: the latest trends in technology and work from the Stack Overflow community The tech that's hot or not, and how work is changing. Erin Yepis code-for-a-living June 21, 2023 Part man. Part machine. All farmer. What's the tech stack for kale? Ryan Donovan code-for-a-living June 20, 2023 To improve as an engineer, get better at requesting (and receiving) feedback It’s easy to ask for, and even want, feedback in a sort of theoretical sense. But soliciting and responding to feedback are, themselves skills. Chelsea Troy code-for-a-living June 14, 2023 Hype or not? AI’s benefits for developers explored in the 2023 Developer Survey For this year’s developer survey, we added new questions to gain insight into the real sentiments behind this year’s surge in AI popularity. Is AI making a real impact in the way developers work or is it all hype? This article will recap some of the top insights, but check out Stack Overflow Labs for… Erin Yepis The Stack Overflow Podcast is a weekly conversation about working in software development, learning to code, and the art and culture of computer programming. June 23, 2023 Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Syed Hamid, founder and CEO of no-code test automation platform Sofy, joins Ben and Ryan to talk about scriptless automation, why his platform targets mobile app developers, and what he learned in nearly two decades at Microsoft. Listen now June 20, 2023 Stress test your code as you write it (Ep. 581) Itamar Friedman, CEO and cofounder of CodiumAI, and Kyle Mitofsky, a Senior Software Engineer on Stack Overflow’s public platform, join the home team for a conversation about code integrity and how AI tools are changing the way developers work. Listen now June 16, 2023 Pair programing? We peek under the hood of Duet, Google’s coding assistant. (Ep. 580) We sit down the PM behind Google Duet to discuss how it was made and how it aims to help, but not replace, developers. Listen now June 13, 2023 The meeting that changed how we build software (Ep. 579) Jim Highsmith, an original signatory on the Agile Manifesto, tells Ben and Ryan about what software development looked like at the time of the Apollo program, the evolution of user interface, and the meeting where “17 adventurous techies changed the world.” Listen now code-for-a-living June 8, 2023 How to keep your new tool from gathering dust If you’re thinking about rolling out a new tool to your team, you should also be thinking about how to get colleagues and management on board, how to embed that tool in your everyday workflows, and how to assess whether it’s working as it should. Tech that solves human problems needs humans to participate in those solutions. Eira May Senior Content Marketer code-for-a-living June 7, 2023 Self-healing code is the future of software development Developers love automating solutions to their problems, and with the rise of generative AI, this concept is likely to be applied to both the creation, maintenance, and the improvement of code at an entirely new level. Ben Popper Director of Content code-for-a-living June 5, 2023 What developers with ADHD want you to know For this followup post, we spoke with two Stack Overflow software engineers with ADHD about their experiences being diagnosed as adults, taking medication, and communicating about their ADHD at work. Eira May Senior Content Marketer community June 1, 2023 Building a safer community: Announcing our new Code of Conduct Since we last updated our Code of Conduct in 2019, the world has shifted dramatically. Hear from our VP of Community as we dive into our newest updates to the Code of Conduct. Philippe Beaudette VP-Community company May 31, 2023 CEO Update: Paving the road forward with AI and community at the center With all the significant changes in the industry, one thing has remained the same: companies are committed to driving productivity and efficiency throughout their organizations, and we continue to help our customers and community deliver both. Prashanth Chandrasekar CEO code-for-a-living May 29, 2023 More on our AI future: building course recommendations and a new data platform Our senior data scientist goes deep in talking about how we built our course recommendation engine. David Gibson Senior Data Scientist code-for-a-living May 24, 2023 How to use marketing techniques to build a better resume If you want to get the attention of a employer, marketing has the techniques to get you there. Caroline Thomas Posts navigation 1 2 3 4 5 … 122 Next posts by author or Search for: Want updates to your inbox? Every week we’ll share a collection of great questions from our community, news and articles from our blog, and awesome links from around the web. Previous issues Subscribe on Stack Overflow RSS Feed June 16, 2023 The Overflow #182: Self-healing code Ryan Donovan and Cassidy Williams June 9, 2023 The Overflow #181: More on our AI future Ryan Donovan and Cassidy Williams June 2, 2023 The Overflow #180: The battle for your attention at work Ryan Donovan and Cassidy Williams May 26, 2023 The Overflow #179: Brag about your code Ryan Donovan and Cassidy Williams © 2023 All Rights Reserved. Proudly powered by WordPress Stack Overflow About Press Work Here Contact Us Questions Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Policies Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Channels Blog Podcast Newsletter Twitter LinkedIn Instagram