The Stack Overflow Podcast Essays, opinions, and advice on the act of computer programming from Stack Overflow. Search for: Latest Newsletter Podcast Company The Stack Overflow Podcast The Stack Overflow podcast is a frank and funny conversation about what it means to work in software and how code is reshaping our world. As it celebrates its 12th anniversary, it’s a must-listen for any programmer, as necessary as Stack Overflow itself. RSS Feed Apple Podcasts Google Podcasts Overcast SoundCloud Spotify se-stackoverflow June 23, 2023 Throwing away the script on testing (Ep. 583) Syed Hamid, founder and CEO of no-code test automation platform Sofy, joins Ben and Ryan to talk about scriptless automation, why his platform targets mobile app developers, and what he learned in nearly two decades at Microsoft. Eira May Senior Content Marketer se-stackoverflow June 20, 2023 Stress test your code as you write it (Ep. 581) Itamar Friedman, CEO and cofounder of CodiumAI, and Kyle Mitofsky, a Senior Software Engineer on Stack Overflow’s public platform, join the home team for a conversation about code integrity and how AI tools are changing the way developers work. Eira May Senior Content Marketer podcast June 16, 2023 Pair programing? We peek under the hood of Duet, Google’s coding assistant. (Ep. 580) We sit down the PM behind Google Duet to discuss how it was made and how it aims to help, but not replace, developers. Ben Popper Director of Content se-stackoverflow June 13, 2023 The meeting that changed how we build software (Ep. 579) Jim Highsmith, an original signatory on the Agile Manifesto, tells Ben and Ryan about what software development looked like at the time of the Apollo program, the evolution of user interface, and the meeting where “17 adventurous techies changed the world.” Eira May Senior Content Marketer se-stackoverflow June 9, 2023 Chatting with Apple at WWDC: Macros in Swift and the new visionOS (Ep. 578) Today is a special episode recorded at Apple’s campus in Cupertino as part of this year’s WWDC. We got the chance to sit down with the folks who help to build Apple’s developer tools and discuss their newest releases, plus a hint of how they hope developers will create apps for their new headset and the world of spatial computing. Eira May Senior Content Marketer se-stackoverflow June 6, 2023 MosaicML: Deep learning models for sale, all shapes and sizes (Ep. 577) Ben and Ryan talk with Jonathan Frankle and Abhinav Venigalla of MosaicML, a startup trying to make deep learning and generative AI efficient and accessible for everyone. Eira May Senior Content Marketer se-stackoverflow June 2, 2023 Balancing a PhD program with a startup career (Ep. 576) Cameron Wolfe, Director of AI at Rebuy and deep learning researcher, joins Ben for a conversation about generative AI, autonomous agents, and balancing a PhD program with a tech career. Eira May Senior Content Marketer se-stackoverflow May 30, 2023 This product could help build a more equitable workplace (Ep. 575) Today’s guest is Ilit Raz, founder and CEO of Joonko, which aims to build a more equitable workplace by automating the recruitment of diverse talent from underrepresented communities. Eira May Senior Content Marketer se-stackoverflow May 26, 2023 How the creator of Angular is dehydrating the web (Ep. 574) Miško Hevery, creator of Angular and longtime Googler, tells Ben about building the future of web applications in his new role as CTO of Builder.io. Eira May Senior Content Marketer se-stackoverflow May 23, 2023 For those who just don’t Git it (Ep. 573) Pierre-Étienne Meunier, creator and lead developer of open-source version control system Pijul, joins the home team to talk about version control, functional programming, and why OCaml is a source of French national pride. Eira May Senior Content Marketer podcast May 19, 2023 Building zero tier systems on bare metal (Ep. 572) On this episode of the podcast, we talk to Mauricio Linhares, senior software engineer at Stripe, about the pain of migrating monoliths to microservices, defining zero-tier systems, and why plugging all your servers into the same power supply is a bad idea. Ryan Donovan Posts navigation 1 2 3 4 5 … 55 Next posts by author or Search for: © 2023 All Rights Reserved. Proudly powered by WordPress Stack Overflow About Press Work Here Contact Us Questions Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Policies Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Channels Blog Podcast Newsletter Twitter LinkedIn Instagram