Stack Overflow Labs - Stack Overflow ProductsMenu Stack Overflow Register interest or Contact sales Stack Overflow Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing. Labs is a new space for Stack Overflow and its community & customers to explore the future of knowledge sharing, together. Sign up to get previews and early access to our public platform features Sign up For more information about Stack Overflow for Teams Contact sales Projects Experiment Question Formatting Assistant Using AI to improve the quality and format of questions on the platform to make reviewing easier. Stack Overflow Research Developer sentiment around AI/ML This year we used our Developer Survey to ask 90,000 developers & technologists how they feel about AI/ML. We go deep into the data to understand the nuances in sentiment and use. Proof of concept Chat Decipher Use AI to read chat transcripts and pull out the questions within them, then group together the duplicates or similar ones. Stack Overflow for Teams Proof of concept Title Suggestions Using AI during the question writing process to help generate more descriptive, accurate titles. Stack Overflow Our CEO will be on stage at WeAreDevelopers on July 27 with exciting new announcements. JUL 27 News & articles In the news June 7, 2023 Self-healing code is the future of software development Developers love automating solutions to their problems, and with the rise of generative AI, this concept is likely to be applied to both the creation, maintenance, and the improvement of code at an entirely new level. stackoverflow.blog In the news May 29, 2023 More on our AI future: building course recommendations and a new data platform Stack Overflow’s Senior Data Scientist David Gibson goes deep in talking about how we built our course recommendation engine. stackoverflow.blog In the news May 1, 2023 AI isn’t the app, it’s the UI A realistic understanding of generative AI can guide us to its ideal use case: not a decision-maker or unsupervised agent tucked away from the end user, but an interface between humans and machines. stackoverflow.blog Show more content About Labs Since 2008 Stack Overflow has pioneered open source conversations in the technology community, helping us become the most visited, most trusted destination for developers in the world. In 2017, we unleashed the same productivity gains inside companies with Stack Overflow for Teams. Knowledge sharing between peers and experts is fundamental to software development ‒ you can see it happening in Slack, in meetings, or quick hangs. Advances in technology, like GenAI, puts everyone in learning mode and knowledge sharing is at the core of that experience. Stack Overflow for Teams sits at the very intersection of curiosity and innovation, a place to ask & answer your peers’ questions, learn from other experts within the company, and keep up with ‒ or be the driver of ‒ all new developments. Our guiding principles Find new ways to give technologists more time to create amazing things. Accuracy is fundamental. That comes from attributed, peer-reviewed sources that provide transparency. The coding field should be accessible to all, including beginners to advanced users. Humans should always be included in the application of any new technology. With these in mind, starting over the next few months, we will be sharing our ideas, opinions, designs, research and product ideas which combine emerging technologies with our platforms and services. LightDarkAuto Stack Overflow AboutPressWork HereContact Us Questions Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Policies Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Channels Blog Podcast Newsletter Twitter LinkedIn Instagram