Why data scientists love Stack Overflow for Teams - Stack Overflow ProductsMenu Stack Overflow for Teams Why Teams? Our solutionIntegrationsFeaturesCustomer SuccessSecurityReturn on Investment (ROI)Use cases Engineers Data Scientists DevOps & SREs Support Product Managment Customers Resources Learning center Customer help center Plans Get started Data Scientists We’ll organize the data, so you can do the science. A central place to collaborate on requirements, standardize processes, and transparently share results. Get started today Supporting the innovative teams at: Reduce preparation time for new analysis Data lives in disparate systems and documentation is outdated. Create an up-to-date repository of data keys, catalogs, and final analyses to minimize preparation time and reduce duplicate requests. How do I submit a data request? Asked10 days ago Active2 days ago Viewed 11 times People asked Crystal Najera Shaun Beck 12 Answer from a subject matter expert Support storytelling efforts with relevant knowledge Find historical knowledge in a searchable and structured way, and build a stronger case with access to information that is typically siloed in different tools. [tag] search within a tag user:1234 search by author “words here” exact phrase answers:0 unanswered questions score:3 posts with a 3+ score isaccepted:yes search within status What is our product development process? Watched tags javascript html c# Iterate more easily Ensure that findings can be replicated by standardizing practices and providing transparent documentation that can easily evolve over time. 15views Announcement Q4 Hotfix Release 11votes 39views How-to guide Subscription Lifecycle Questions in this article How long can a user stay in ‘past due’ status? What is the Life Cycle of a user subscription? How do I cancel a user’s subscription? Enable data self-service Transparently share results while making knowledge more searchable. 10 questions Onboarding FAQ Kathrin Reinhardt 584 1 9 recruitment hr onboarding 24 votes 1 answer Which holidays do we have off? internal onboarding 10 votes 2 answer How do I get my local setup? internal onboarding Real change in your company Trusted by thousands of customers to keep their proprietary data safe 70,000 product managers and engineers at Microsoft leverage Stack Overflow for Teams to problem solve and deliver a better user experience 36% of Teams questions are answered by colleagues outside of one’s department at one of the largest provider of car insurance 95% of all questions at IMC asked on Stack Overflow for Teams are answered in minutes through the Slack integration 27% increase in development time for high-value team members by minimizing distraction at Unqork Reading material How to improve your onboarding efficiency Article How Primer uses Stack Overflow for Teams Case Study How do I break down silos and work collaboratively Blog Post The hidden impact of siloed and disorganized information Article How Teams fosters collaboration, innovation, and transparency Video Use Stack Overflow for Teams to collect, store, and share insights from analyses Get started today G2 review site logo Named in two of G2’s lists of Best Software for 2023! 4.5/5 LightDarkAuto Stack Overflow AboutPressWork HereContact Us Questions Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Policies Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Channels Blog Podcast Newsletter Twitter LinkedIn Instagram