Stack Overflow for Teams Customers and Case Studies - Stack Overflow ProductsMenu Stack Overflow for Teams Why Teams? Our solutionIntegrationsFeaturesCustomer SuccessSecurityReturn on Investment (ROI)Use cases Engineers Data Scientists DevOps & SREs Support Product Managment Customers Resources Learning center Customer help center Plans Get started Our customers Used around the world Companies from all kinds of industries, not just technology, rely on our knowledge sharing and collaboration platform. See how we empower teams Watch how our customers use Teams… NI Expensify Microsoft Grandcentrix Customer case studies Founded in 2007, Dropbox offers secure, flexible cloud storage and file sharing for individuals, teams, and enterprise customers. Technology Liberty Mutual implemented a high-performing DevOps culture to increase stability, shorten release cycles, and deliver value faster. Insurance Centralizing knowledge made critical answers easier to find, allowing 84.51° to grow a distributed team at scale. Data analytics Subject matter experts got a productivity boost when answers became easily available to all Technology Customers found answers faster and support engineers had more time for major projects Finance Engineers at Expensify go from having “terrible documentation systems” to feeling empowered as soon as they onboard. Finance After experimenting and researching, Grandcentrix landed on Teams to help them better communicate and document cross-functionally. Technology Technology-driven trading firm IMC leveraged Teams to share knowledge across distributed, global offices. Insurance Flex uses Teams to capture historical context and finally rid themselves of inconsistent and disorganized documentation. Health & wellness Machine learning company Primer used Stack Overflow for Teams to fill knowledge gaps and scale institutional knowledge at pace with their growing team. Finance Stack Overflow for Teams “takes off like wildfire” for Microsoft’s 50,000+ developers, resulting in a ripple effect out from internal questions to customer-facing support. Technology Elastic’s customer support revamped the Support-to-Engineering pipeline, giving employees hours of their day back. Technology Usage of the Stack Overflow for Teams grew strongly during the pandemic Technology E-health service Doctolib applies its virtual mindset inward, making 100% remote onboarding a breeze Healthcare Intuit wanted to help its developers and technologists break down silos between departments and improve communication across global offices. Finance Box noticed Q&A was becoming a bottleneck for engineering support. They found a solution that increased collaboration and boosted productivity. Software Read 40+ case studies from Stack Overflow for Teams customers Learn about the KPIs and other challenges customers wanted to improve by bringing in Stack Overflow for Teams and the operational and organizational impacts they have seen as a result of introducing the platform. View case studies “If you have a question, if you have some clarification that you need, instead of overwhelming everyone on Slack or an email, there's a queue. Questions are created, somebody is monitoring the questions and responding, and this has improved productivity across the board.” Eddie Flaiser Head of Engineering “Hearing someone with very deep technical knowledge talk about what’s going on under the hood; I think is something that we just wouldn’t have had exposure to otherwise.” Michael Carrico Director of Data Science “You see areas where you might have the answer and you can find solutions from subject matter experts you have never met. You are able to move faster and collaborate on code that you hadn't worked on before.” Rocio Montes Staff Software Engineer “Engineers should help solve the hardest questions, the unknowns, where being familiar with how the product was built is essential. But we don’t want to keep answering solved problems over and over again. That’s where Stack Overflow really helps.” Suyog Rao Director of Engineering Build your organization’s knowledge for the future. You need a modern approach to knowledge sharing. One that works if you’re hybrid, all-remote, or in-office. Make your workplace work for everyone, everywhere, all the time. Get started today G2 review site logo Named in two of G2’s lists of Best Software for 2023! 4.5/5 LightDarkAuto Stack Overflow AboutPressWork HereContact Us Questions Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Policies Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Channels Blog Podcast Newsletter Twitter LinkedIn Instagram