Stack Overflow for Teams Pricing & Plans - Stack Overflow ProductsMenu Stack Overflow for Teams Why Teams? Our solutionIntegrationsFeaturesCustomer SuccessSecurityReturn on Investment (ROI)Use cases Engineers Data Scientists DevOps & SREs Support Product Managment Customers Resources Learning center Customer help center Plans Get started Stack Overflow for Teams Pricing and Plans We have a plan to fit the knowledge management and collaboration needs of your team. Compare plans Annual billing discount Free Free No credit card required ChatOps integrations - Slack & Microsoft Teams Your own private space hosted on stackoverflowteams.com Structured and searchable knowledge base Create a free Team Always free up to 50 teammates Basic $6.50 USD per teammate / month Single sign-on (SSO) with SAML + Okta integration ChatOps integrations - Slack & Microsoft Teams Your own private space hosted on stackoverflowteams.com Structured and searchable knowledge base Get started Up to 250 teammates Recommended Business $13.50 USD per teammate / month All the features of Basic plus… Long-form knowledge with Articles Additional integrations — ChatOps, Jira, GitHub & Okta Group content together into Collections Usage and adoption metrics Priority customer support Content Health Get started Unlimited teammates Enterprise Custom pricing Let’s talk about what you need Premium features of Business plus… Unlimited Teams within your instance Flexible hosting options Robust read and write API Your own customer success and community building representative 99.5% uptime SLA and priority support Content Health Talk to an expert Unlimited teammates Used by thousands of organizations around the globe Explore our features by pricing plan Free Basic Business Enterprise Teammates Up to 50 Up to 250 Unlimited Unlimited Security features Hosting Multi-tenant Multi-tenant Multi-tenant Single tenant (cloud or on-premises) Single sign-on (SSO) — SAML, Okta SAML, Okta SAML, AD, Okta Multi-team permissions — — — SOC 2 Certification — — — SOC 2 Type II report ISO 27001:2013 — — — Knowledge sharing features Ask and answer questions Comment, upvote, and flag content for review Intelligent search across all content types Personalized recommendations for uncovering knowledge Store long-form content like project docs and guides — — Group content together into Collections — — Create user groups for streamlined sharing — — Content Health intelligently identifies knowledge that needs to be reviewed — — Communities let users self-organize into groups that connect colleagues across guilds, communities of practice, or specific projects. — — — Integrations capabilities API — Read Read/Write Read/write API with Service Keys and Impersonation capabilities Slack Microsoft Teams Jira — — GitHub — — Okta — Webhooks — — — Admin tools & support features Onboarding support Automated Automated — Dedicated Onboarding Specialist Support via web portal Support via email — Support via live chat — — On-call weekend & holiday support — — Resource center access Adoption and usage analysis — — Analytics dashboard — — Dedicated Customer Success Manager — — — Customization features Dark mode Custom logos and colors Custom team awards — — Custom themes — — — Messages and banners — — — Customize user management controls — — — Customize content controls — — — Get a free Team Get started Get started Talk to an expert Frequently Asked Questions General pricing information for our knowledge management software. Can I use Stack Overflow for Teams for free? Yes, the Free version of Teams is free forever up to 50 users. Do you offer monthly billing? Monthly billing is offered on our Basic plan of Stack Overflow for Teams. Instead of $6.50 USD per teammate / month, it is $7.70 USD per teammate / month when paying monthly instead of annually. What are the payment terms on the Business tier? Teams on our Business plan are billed annually and up front for the year. What are my options for payment methods? You can pay using a credit card on our Basic and Business plans. Additionally, we offer invoicing on our Business and Enterprise plans. How will we be billed for users that we add to our Team? Billing for new users depends on the plan you select. On our Basic plan, you will be billed monthly for each new user. If you choose to pay annually, you will receive an additional monthly bill. If you choose to pay monthly for your Basic plan, your monthly invoice will reflect your new users. On Business, new users will be billed monthly and outside of your annual invoice. How quickly can new team members be onboarded with Stack Overflow for Teams? You can start to see the benefits within 60-90 days. You’ll be working with your founding members to add content, educating your internal teams and stakeholders about the benefits they’ll see, and start bringing people onto the platform. It doesn’t take long for people to see the benefit for themselves - especially if they are someone who gets a lot of the same questions over and over again. They can answer that question once, then point everyone to the Teams link in the future. Will my data be safe? Thousands of customers trust us to keep their proprietary data safe. We have a team of experts and robust security measures in place to ensure the highest level of protection. Information Security - Our robust information security program is built on the reputable ISO 27001 framework. Architecture - Your data is logically isolated into its own SQL schema and stored in separate databases, accessible only by requests from your team. Encryption - All customer data is encrypted when in transit over public networks and within our network between the private Teams network zone and the rest of our infrastructure. Security Certifications - We operate according to Support Privacy Shield and GDPR. LightDarkAuto Stack Overflow AboutPressWork HereContact Us Questions Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Policies Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Channels Blog Podcast Newsletter Twitter LinkedIn Instagram