Help Center - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Talent Build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide Labs The future of collective knowledge sharing About the company Loading… current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up New to Stack Overflow? Find out everything you need to get started by taking the tour. If you still have questions, come back and check out the pinned articles. Take the 2-minute tour Home Public Questions Tags Users Companies Collectives Explore Collectives Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more about Collectives Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Help center Search Welcome to the Stack Overflow Help Center! If you are unable to find the answer you need here, you can also search for or ask a question about Stack Overflow on Meta Stack Overflow! We have a curated list of frequently asked questions. Top FAQ questions include: What can I do when getting “We are no longer accepting questions/answers from this account”? How do I ask and answer homework questions? Why did I gain/lose reputation? Can I audit my reputation history? "This question already has answers here" - but it does not. What can I do when I think a question is not a duplicate? AI-assisted Generated Content Ban Please be aware that all AI-assisted generated content (including ChatGPT) is currently banned. For more information, see: Why posting GPT (including ChatGPT) and AI generated answers is not currently acceptable Temporary policy: ChatGPT is banned Find out more about… Asking What types of questions should I avoid asking? What topics can I ask about here? What does it mean if a question is "closed"? Can I ask a question in a language other than English? How do I ask a good question? » View more Our model Code of Conduct Expected Behavior How do I use tags to find topics I'm interested in? How do I search? How does the User Card popup work? » View more Reputation & Moderation Who are the site moderators, and what is their role here? Why is voting important? What is reputation? How do I earn (and lose) it? Moderator Agreement policies Who are the staff, and what is their role here? » View more Answering How do I write a good answer? What does it mean when an answer is "accepted"? Why are answers no longer being accepted from my account? Why and how are some answers deleted? Why can I only answer once every 30 minutes? » View more Badges View a full list of badges you can earn Privileges View a full list of privileges you can earn My Account I accidentally created two accounts; how do I merge them? How do I add or remove login credentials from my account? I lost my password; how do I reset it? How do I delete my account? When does Stack Exchange ask for my cookie consent? » View more Review Queues What are review queues? How do I use the First answers queue? How do I use the Close votes queue? How do I use the Reopen votes queue? How do I use the Low quality posts queue? » View more Collectives on Stack Overflow What is Collectives on Stack Overflow? Article guidelines What are the different types of users in a collective? What is a recommended answer? Why and how are some articles in a collective deleted? » View more Staging Ground What is the Staging Ground? Guidelines and best practices for reviewers on the Staging Ground » View more Stack Overflow Questions Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2023.6.23.43507 Your privacy By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings