    Many information scientists are concerned with the operation ofdocument retrieval systems serving scientists in various fields.  Thescientists served by these systems are often members of what have been calledinvisible colleges, groups of scientists in frequent communication withone another and involved with highly specialized subject matters.  Oftensuch groups are considered to share an intellectual perspective regardingthis subject matter, which is sometimes referred to as a paradigm.    The purpose of this paper is to show how it is possible to identifyparadigms, using the techniques of citation analysis.  I will operationalizethe notion of paradigm as a 'consensual structure of concepts in a field.'Suppose we have obtained a set of papers pertaining to some topic.  Alreadyknowing something about the field, we read each text and mark passages inwhich certain specific concepts are used or discussed.  For example, wemight find that a concept designated 'A' appears in some sub-set of thepapers.  Suppose further that we identify those papers in which concepts 'A'and 'B' are used together in the same papers in a certain specified manner.Clearly not all concepts will combine in a natural way, and not all authorscombining concepts 'A' and 'B' will do so in the same way, though somepredominant mode may emerge.  For a set of n concepts their structure isgiven by the totality of admissible combinations of concepts taken fromtwo to n at a time.  The frequency with which a given combination occursin the sample of papers on the topic is a measure of the degree of consensusregarding the particular concept combination within the corpus.  Forconcepts taken two at a time, the structure can be displayed as a graph withconcepts as nodes and the relations between them represented as lines (arcs)connecting the nodes.  This definition of concept structure issimilar to the semantic network of artificial intelligence except that inour approach a measure of consensus weights each arc of the graph.